# Aegis Avenger Stalker
### Loadout Guide
## Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Aegis Avenger Stalker, and we're starting right now.
Introduction
Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Aegis Avenger Stalker. The Stalker’s default loadout isn’t very good so we’ve got our work cut out for us. My full review of the Stalker is coming soon, when it's finished, you can find it in the info card above and on the end screen. Special thanks for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members, it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated. If this is our first time meeting, welcome, my name is subliminal and my passions are Star Citizen and content creation. Be sure to check out some of my other star citizen content, and consider subscribing. If you're considering becoming a citizen or know someone who is, be sure to use my referral link in the description or the code on screen to get 5000aUEC in the persistent universe, no pledge necessary. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

## Overview
The Aegis Stalker is the bounty hunting variant of the avenger series. Since claiming warm bounties isn't currently a game mechanic. The primary focus will be to take advantage of the upgraded maneuverability of the stalker, and create a combat build. These recommendations are just that, my recommendations, and are not the best for every situation. If you agree or disagree let me know in the comments, or share your loadout in the comments below. Stealth will not be factored into this build.

## Components
Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Stalker is the size 1, grade 3, Civilian Class, Power Bolt, with just over 2,100 max power draw per second and a nearly 12.5second draw request time. This suffers from a low maximum power draw and a low draw request time, and might not allow for overlocking depending on what shields you use. I recommend swapping it out for a JS-300, 1 JS-300 is grade 1,  Military Class, has almost 3,700 max power generation/sec and a 10s draw request time. This will add more than 1,300 max power draw per plant and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to 10 seconds. Getting you more power to where it's needed sooner and we will have plenty of room for overclocking. The JS-300s will set you back just under 20,000 aUEC, and  can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Stalker are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers with a cooling rate of 260kilos/sec and a draw request time of 12.5 seconds. These coolers provide more than enough cooling capacity and have a decent draw request time. With doing some cooler testing for an upcoming components guide I've determined that if the coolers have enough capacity it doesn’t make a difference if you equip better ones or not. Stay tuned for that guide at a later date. I recommend keeping the Polars. If you want to do it anyway I recommend using 2 Zero Rushes. On paper the zero rushes have more than enough cooling and are the quickest at providing cooling. A Zero Rush will set you back a little over 16,000 aUEC, and  can be found at these locations.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The stalkers stock shield generators are the Size 2, grade 3, Stealth Class, Shimmer Shield Generators with an HP pool of over 2,300, 306hp/s regen rate, 50% min physical absorption, a 2s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 5s draw request time. This shield is a great stealth shield. And with that much regen and such a low draw request time it's blazing fast. However I don't plan on using this for any PVP bounty hunting so stealth isn't important. For me it's not worth taking a 61% less shield pool just to shorten my detection range. So what will I use then. Well after finding out that ballistic penetration can be measured in the game files I asked erkul to add it to the calculator and he did, thanks to him for doing that so quickly. This changes things for me. For me there are 3 viable size 1 shields, the super fast Mirage, High HP Pool Ballistic deflecting guardian, and the best all around FR-66. Since the avenger isn't super quick and nimble I wont be going with the mirage. Instead I'll be pairing 1 FR-66 with a Guardian. This will bring my shield pool up from around 4,700 to over 13,500. As well as give some extra protection against ballistic fire. All at the cost of having a slower regen rate. The FR-66 and Guardian will set you back over 38,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.
And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Stalker is the size 1, grade 3, Civilian Class, Expedition, with a 149Mm/s quantum speed, an 9.8/Mm fuel requirement, a 5s spool up, and a 10s cooldown time. This drive is capable of making almost any trip in the stanton system in one jump without needing to stop and refuel. However it's pretty slow. I recommend adding the Atlas. It is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 151Mm per second quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. This drive is slightly faster and has more range so it's a win win. The Atlas will run you about 18,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

## Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. The Stalker is equipped with a gimballed size 3 on the nose, and 2 gimballed size 2s on the wings. Also under each wing we have a size 3 MSD 322 Missile Rack.
On the nose the Stalker comes stock with a gimballed size 2 Mantis GT-220. One Mantis does 29 alpha damage, times 1000rpm, for a total of 480dps, and a 2,400-meter range. The Mantis is ballistic and comes with 4000 rounds that would deplete in 240s of continuous fire. As you all know, I love these guns and will be keeping them. However I can understand how the amount of ammo may cause a problem for you. If you prefer energy weapons my new recommendation is to use an attrition 3.
Under each wing we have a gimballed size 2 Omnisky 6 Laser Cannon. One Omnisky does 173 alpha damage, times 78rpm, for a total of 225dps, and a 2,200-meter range. And you guessed it to match my nose selection. I'll be adding  Scorpion GT-215s. One Scorpion does 21 alpha damage, times 900rpm, for a total of 318dps, and a 2,100-meter range. The scorpion has 8000 rounds that would deplete in 533s of continuous fire. Now this has significantly more ammo but if the main nose gun goes out you'll still need to rearm. So again if you’re going energy id recommend adding attrition 2s.
For missiles we have an MSD-322 Missile Rack with 2 Ignite II’s each. Ignite II’s are size 2 Infrared, do 3,700 damage, have a 1.5s lock time, and a 5,600m lock range. Under the other wing we have another MSD-322 with 2 Tempest II’s. Tempest II’s are size 2 Cross Section, do 3,500 damage, have a 2.5s lock time, and a 5,400m lock range. I recommend swapping both of these out for StrikeForce IIs. StrikeForce II's are size 2, Cross Section, do 3,700 damage, have a 2.5s lock time, and a 4,800m lock range. An honorable mention would be Rattler II’s.

## Debriefing
If you don't have about 90,000 aUEC to spend on all this at once I would buy them in the following order. The most important things here are the shields and weapons. The stealth shields may be something to add when bounty hunting is fully implemented, and mixing the slow firing omnisky with a GT-220 bugs me. Because we've added so much shield capacity we need more power so I would upgrade that pretty early too. To avoid any issues if you plan on overclocking. And of course coolers are useless to upgrade in this situation so we can save a ton of cost there. I do recommend buying the attritions even if you prefer ballistics like me. Because if you plan on doing any long range battling the ammo count can be annoying.
Make sure you check out the link to this loadout at Erkul.Games, I have a link in the description. Building this loadout would not have been possible without this tool. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. My recommendations are constantly changing because the game is constantly changing, especially with the new 3.10 patch fixing fixed weapons, head over to the Subliminals Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. I am building a community there for citizens who want to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Click the link in the Description.

## Outro
Those are my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the Aegis Avenger Stalker will be coming shortly so make sure you are subscribed and have the bell clicked. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate #4 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. #5 you can become a channel member by clicking the join button below. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of stanton collection available to all patrons. If not your viewership is greatly appreciated. Until nextime Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

## Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Aegis Avenger Stalker,Aegis Avenger Stalker Review,Aegis Avenger Stalker Loadout, Star Citizen,Aegis Avenger Stalker Star Citizen,Star Citizen Aegis Avenger Stalker,star citizen Aegis Avenger Stalker review,Aegis Avenger Stalker 3.9,Aegis Avenger Stalker tour,Aegis Avenger Stalker Walkthrough,Aegis Avenger Stalker renegade,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Drake,3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Aegis Avenger Stalker
