# Drake Herald
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Drake Herald, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Drake Herald. In the game's current state the herald doesn't have much of a purpose. I feel like a great loadout for it today and even in the future would be a stealth scout. This loadout is going to get you setup to do just that. Special thanks for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members, it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated. If you wind up enjoying this loadout guide please consider liking, subscribing, and sticking around until the end to learn about ways to support future content for free. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
Before we get into the loadout let me explain this builds premise. The Drake Herald is going to be a ship that will run data and chart maps across the galaxy. Obviously this gameplay hasn't made it into the game just yet. So I'm going for a stealth scout build. This is designed to assist a fleet in scouting out and area and possibly causing a distraction by  taking advantage of the heralds speed to do a quick flyby and possibly split up the enemy. Disclaimer this build doesn't work how I would like in the games current state. Stealth isn't very fleshed out at the moment even with equipping grade 1 stealth components I am unable to get my IR signature down low enough to remain undetected for long. I suspect that when stealth is more implemented these components will give the desired effect. So this is more of a theory at the moment. Maybe when we get stealth hulls added to the game in 3.10 this will change, but I'm not optimistic, if it does I'll add that info to the pinned comment.

[comment]: <> (These recommendations are just that, my recommendations, and are not the best for every situation. If you agree or disagree let me know in the comments, or share your loadout over in the Subliminal's Channel discord. Stealth will not be factored into this build.)

### Components
Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Herald is the size 1, grade 3, Stealth Class, SonicLite, with just 1,400 max power draw per second and a 3.75sec draw request time. Because were going for stealth we need to also consider it's EM and IR signature of 1.05. This suffers from a low maximum power draw, but it has a low draw request time. This plant may work for you but I want to get the stealth signature down as low as possible. So were going to be adding an even more stealthy shield, the Slipstream. Its grade 1,  Stealth Class, has almost 1,800 max power generation/sec and a super fast 1.25s draw request time. This will add more than 400 max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to 1.25 seconds. And cuts its EM and IR almost in half. This is a better power plant in every way. The Slipstream will set you back just under 19,000 aUEC, and  can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Herald are the size 1, grade 3, Stealth Class, Heat Safe Coolers with a cooling rate of 130kilos/sec, a draw request time of 7.5 seconds, and a 1.05 EM IR Signature. These coolers barely provide enough cooling capacity and have a higher signature than the coolers I recommend. I recommend adding Snow Blinds, they are size 1, grade 1, Stealth Class, with a cooling rate of 170kilos/sec, a draw request time of 7.5 seconds as well, and a .75 EM IR Signature. I know these Stealth numbers seem low but this makes a big difference. These now provide enough cooling and lowers our signature. A Snow Blind will set you back almost 13,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: <> (With doing some cooler testing for an upcoming components guide I've determined that if the coolers have enough capacity it doesn’t make a difference if you equip better ones or not. Stay tuned for that guide at a later date. I recommend keeping the Polars. If you want to do it anyway I recommend using 2 Zero Rushes. On paper the zero rushes have more than enough cooling and are the quickest at providing cooling.)

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Herald's stock shield generators are the Size 1, grade 3, Stealth Class, Shimmer Shield Generators with an HP pool of over 2,300, 306hp/s regen rate, 50% min physical absorption, a 2s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 5s draw request time. This shield is a decent stealth shield, but not good enough. Were going to be adding the superfast Mirage's, they are size 1, grade 1 Stealth Class, with an HP pool of over 3,000, 342hp/s regen rate, 50% min physical absorption, a 2.14s dmg delay, a 14s dwn delay, and a 3`s draw request time. This will give you much more shield pool, provide quicker regen and draw request times. Plus it will cut it's EM and IR signatures in half. Another win win over the stock loadout. The Mirage will set you back over 18,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Herald is the size 1, grade 3, Civilian Class, Expedition, with a 149Mm/s quantum speed, an 9.8/Mm fuel requirement, a 5s spool up, and a 10s cooldown time. This drive can make a one way trip from one side of stanton to another but id rather have one that is a little faster and still able to make that trip. I recommend using the Atlas. The Atlas is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm per second quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. The Atlas will run you about 18,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. The Herald is equipped with a size 2 weapon hardpoint on the nose, and 2 size 1 hardpoints under the wings. Its size 3 MSD-341 missile racks are located in these silos. Each one carries 4 Size 1 Missiles.

On the nose the Herald comes with a gimballed Size 2 Scorpion GT-215 Ballistic Gatling. One Scorpion does 21 alpha damage, times 900rpm, for a total of 318dps, and a 2,100-meter range, it has 8000 rounds that would deplete in 533s of continuous fire.

Under each wing we have a gimballed size 1, YellowJacket GT-210. One YellowJacket does 16 alpha damage, times 800rpm, for a total of 213dps, and a 1,700-meter range. The YellowJacket has 7,200 rounds that would deplete in 540s of continuous fire.

[comment]: <> (The Scorpion and Gimbal set will run you over 11,000aUEC each, and can be found at these locations. An honorable mention would be gimballed attrition 2s if you prefer energy.)

For missiles we have 2 MSD-341 Missile Racks with 4 TaskForce Is each. TaskForce Is are size 1 Electromagnetic, do 2,900 damage, have a .8s lock time, and a 3,200m lock range. For reasons unknown to me these missile racks cannot be replaced. If they could I would equip 2 size three missiles that could strike outside the heralds detection range. Hopefully this is a bug or something and can be fixed. Anyway I prefer cross section missiles so we'll be swapping these out for Spark Is. Spark Is, are size 1 Cross Section, do 2,900 damage, have a 1.3s lock time, and a 3,200m lock range. Notice I didn't give any recommendations on the guns... they are perfect. Its like someone at CIG was watching one of my vids while loading out this ship!

### Debriefing
If you don't have about 120,000 aUEC to spend on all this at once I would buy them in the following order. The most important thing here is stealth because its combat abilities are extremely limited. You'll want to avoid PVP and even PVE conflict as much as possible. Also this build uses gimbals, however with fixed being reworked in 3.10 it is very likely I will be changing this build to have a fixed GT-220 and 2 Scorpions instead.
Make sure you check out the link to this loadout at Erkul.Games, I have a link in the description. Building this loadout would not have been possible without this tool. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. My recommendations are constantly changing because the game is constantly changing, especially with the new 3.10 patch fixing fixed weapons, head over to the Subliminals Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. I am building a community there for citizens who want to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Click the link in the Description.

### Outro
Those are my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the Drake Herald will be coming shortly so make sure you are subscribed and have the bell clicked. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate #4 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. #5 you can become a channel member by clicking the join button below. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of stanton collection available to all patrons. If not your viewership is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Drake Herald,Drake Herald Review,Drake Herald Loadout, Star Citizen,Drake Herald Star Citizen,Star Citizen Drake Herald,star citizen Drake Herald review,Drake Herald 3.9,Drake Herald tour,Drake Herald Walkthrough,Drake Herald ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Drake,3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Drake Herald
