#11 Beginner Tips for New Citizens
## A Star Citizen's Guide to the Galaxy

### Preface
I'm going to give you 11 very important New Player Starting tips, and where starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Guide to the Galaxy" this is SubliminaL here and today I'm going to share with you some tips I wish I had known when I took my fist steps in the verse. Star Citizen is a complicated game and it can be daunting at the start. Since the game can't hold your hands due to obvious reasons, I will.
This is part of a series on the channel with tips that will follow some sort of theme. The theme for this guide will from the bed to the skies.
Giving you some quick tips to make it easier to get from the bed you spawn in to landing at a space station. If you're a player with more experience stick around because some of these tips I learned recently from my twitch chat, and to give any tips you'd like me to add to future episodes. New players make sure you stick around to the end for when I share how you can setup a free account and receive $5000 aUEC that is really great to have when your starting in the verse. Enough with all of that lets get to it.

### Starting The Game

Incase there are some of you who haven't yet played Star Citizen, I'll start by launching the game. If you've already got this part down skip to the timestamp on screen. From the launcher we'll click the launch game button. I'll fast-forward through the loading. Here you have three options Persistent Universe, This is the we'll the persistent universe, Star Marine, This is the Multi-Player FPS game included with Star Citizen, and finally we have Arena Commander that is similar to Star Marine but you'll be using spaceships instead of FPS weapons. On the right is your friends list where you can view and search for friends. And notifications is where you can accept friends requests or party invites. We're going to be heading to the Persistent Universe as the later two are beyond the scope of this guide. Clicking Persistent Universe for the first time will bring you to the character creation screen. Again this is beyond the scope of this guide so ill skip through this. You'll be able to make changes to your character anytime from the start menu. From here we'll select our system. Hangars is where you can spawn your ships to look at up close, but the Stanton System is where we want to go. More systems are in the works. Your first time loading into the PU you will have the option of picking your spawn point. Your options are Lorville, Area 18, and New Babbage. Once you pick your location you will be unable to change it in the future unless there is a wipe or you do a character reset. But don't worry you can just fly their manually at any time. And the next time you spawn in you'll be at your last visited location. I'm going to go with New Babbage as it is one of the more user friendly locations. From here you have the options to pick your region or just leave it at best. We'll be picking best, and finally click Visit Location.

### Binding F to Mouse

Ok so you've spawned in and are lying in the bed of your HAB. Tap Y to leave your bed. Remember this as you will be using it to leave any seat or bed you sit in or lye down in in the verse. Let me be the first to Welcome you to Star Citizen this is your HAB. Well its not yours because after we leave here the door will close and you'll be unable to enter again. You can interact with things in the verse by pressing and holding the F key on your keyboard and left clicking on the command that appears on that item. There are plenty of things in here to interact with. Before we head out lets get to my first tip. It is to actually map your F key to a button on your mouse because you will be using this a lot. If you have a mouse with a clutch button like on some popular FPS mice this would be ideal, however programming this to any button easily accessible to your thumb is very immersive. I can't show you how to do this on every software however I'll show you how to do it on Corsairs iCue software. You'll want to make a new profile and select your mouse, then click actions, add a new macro, under remap click A-Z keys, select F, and left click on the button in the photo of your mouse that you want to remap to F. That's it, now when you reach out to touch items its like your grabbing them.

### Borderless Windowed

As I stated in the Intro, Star Citizen is a space sim and it can be pretty hard at times to figure things out, so suffice to say you will be spending a lot of time googling and searching for answers to questions. So my first tip before we get into the verse, is to step you through how to setup Borderless Windowed Mode. First, click escape on your keyboard and then settings. Go to the Graphics tab and find Window Mode, and select Borderless. Now with this enabled you can alt tab without the game being automatically minimized. This can help tremendously if your trying to browse the internet or chat on discord while still looking at the screen.

### Binding Helmet on/off toggle to H

The next tip is going to involve adding a key binding. Soon you may find yourself needing to easily remove and put on your helmet, either for emersion or simply eating or drinking. Currently there is no key binding for this so lets add one. We'll click Escape, Options, Key bindings, Advanced Controls Customization, scroll down to On Foot - All, click it and scroll down to the bottom until you see Toggle Equip Helmet, Double Tap left click, I prefer to bind this to the H key (Because well helmet starts with an H and its currently not mapped for anything else while on foot.) Alright with that done we can tap F4 to go into third person and tap H to remove and equip our helmet.

### F12 to Remove Chat

Ok lets get out of here. Just interact with the panel on the door. Head down the hallway and Take a look at the scenery if you like. Elevators have a touch panel next to their doors. We'll Click call elevator and wait for it to arrive. Once inside at the bottom of this panel we can see the button for the lobby. You could also visit other floors but they are identical to the one you spawned in. Leave here and head out into the lobby. Head down these stairs, next you'll come to a fork, to our right is the commons, there you'll find weapons, food, ship components, ship weapons and more. But since you have limited funds we'll save that for another video. Lets head left to the spaceport. Wait for the train to arrive, walk inside. You may want to pick a good spot to stand as the scenery here can be breath taking. Speaking of breath taking scenery you know what can ruin it? Global chat, my fourth tip is to remove chat. You can do this by clicking F12. Ahh much better. You should see this during sunrise.

### Double Tapping F to Interact

Alright, once your tram arrives at the space port go to your left and head to one of the elevators. Yeah I know there are a lot of elevators in this game. exit the elevator and keep following down the hall. Feel free to take a look around. We'll be heading over to the ship retrieval terminal. Select the ship you'd like to fly and select retrieve. I'm going to choose the Aurora LN its the fighter variant of the popular starter ship. Your ship will be loaded in and the terminal will tell you what hangar it spawned in. If you forget there will be marker on your HUD with the ships location and the hanger its located in. Step into the elevator and click your desired hangar. If you chose the right one you should see your ship waiting for you. Walk up to your ships door or canopy if you cant find it when you get close enough to it a label for it will show up on screen. Once you find the entrance hold F or that interaction button we mapped in tip 1 and choose between your options. This ship has enter ship, open door, and open ladder. We want to enter the ship as this will open the door and ladder and allow us to climb in. Before you select one of those let's discuss my fifth tip. You don't actually need to pick one of these options. Of the options available whatever is at the top will be automatically selected if you double tap F. Lets do that. Just look at the door or item you want to interact with and double tap F. Now were inside. From here you can enter the pilot seat, leave through the starboard exit, or lie down in bed. Lets get into the pilot seat. And for this again we'll just double tap F. There are a lot of things to do in here and going over them all is beyond the scope of this guide. For now were just going to head up to Port Tressler a Space Station above New Babbage.

### Requesting Landing will Save Respawn Point

First we'll tap R for Flight ready. This will power on our Engines, weapons, shields, etc. Bow to open the hangar doors. My sixth tip is one that I actually just realized I've been doing wrong for years. You'll need to contact ATC or Air Traffic Control to open you hangar door. To do this you could open your MobiGlas with F1 and navigate to the CommLink tab. However you could just Tap F11 and be taken straight there. We'll do that. From here we'll select friends and put in a call to NB International Spaceport. Your call is being initiated and you'll get a verbal confirmation from ATC. Once the doors have opened enough give yourself some upward thrust with spacebar. Tuck your landing hear in by tapping N. You can strafe forward, right, backward, and left with WASD. Lets give it some forward thrust. Once you've cleared the hangar doors you can begin to pitch up by using your mouse. The horizonal lines you see on your HUD is called a pitch ladder you'll want to pitch up at about 90 degrees. When you do this you might actually see port Tressler depending on the time of day. Instead of holding W on your keyboard you can tap C to start your cruise control This will accelerate you forward without using after burner. To get the quantum travel markers to show up tap B to engage your quantum drive. Now aim toward Port Tressler. At this point we are unable to Quantum to Tressler because we are still within the New Babbage Atmosphere. So we'll just wait a little more. You can press shift to use afterburner to accelerate this process but this ship being a starter overheats pretty quick as you can see I've done here so you may want to just be patient. Unfortunately this particular planet has a pretty dense atmosphere. Once you've left the atmosphere your Quantum Drive will start to calibrate. Once this is done you can press and Hold B to start your jump. Great you've left the clutches of New Babbage and your ready to start exploring. If you've used cruise control it is still activated. As you can see we are accelerating faster without the drag of the atmosphere. Be careful with cruise control at this point because you don't want to overshoot the space station. Once you get close enough turn off your cruise control, make sure you're not aimed directly at the space station. Once the red words pop up saying to contact ATC you can do so by tapping F11, and calling Port Tressler. This brings me to my seventh tip that kind of actually 2 tips. Tip 7 is there is actually no need to wait on this screen to complete this call, you can just tap F11 or escape to close your MobiGlas and continue flying your ship. The next tip 7.5, is you don't have to actually land at this space station to save your spawn point. Once your landing pad has been assigned you can just head to your destination.

### Scroll Wheel to adjust speed limiter.

For the purposes of this video I'll just briefly show you how to land. For this head toward the marker on you HUD that looks like a circle with a down arrow in it. As you approach the space station make sure you use my eighth tip and that's to limit your speed by reducing your speed limiter. This can be done by scrolling down with middle mouse button. I'd recommend bringing this down to this white line if your new to this. This line is your SCM speed, we may go over this more in a later video. If you are in a ship with quick forward acceleration you may want to limit this further. This ship is actually pretty slow so I'll stay above the SCM Speed. Bring yourself over your designated pad and if your within the blue box tap N to deploy your landing gear. Once this is done Hold N again to start the automated landing procedures. Space stations are great, setting your spawn here ensures that if you die you don't have to ride three elevators and a train to get back to your ship. I'd encourage you to explore this space station. Some stations have stores that sell armor and weapons for tour character, weapons and components for your ship, food vendors, refinery decks, and cargo decks.

### F2 for Star Map

All of this is again beyond the scope of this guide. For now I encourage you to do some missions found in your MobiGlas. For this you'll need to tap F1 to open you MobiGlas and Navigate to the Contracts Manager Tab. There are a lot of missions here but I really only recommend 1 type if you are just starting in the verse. And that's delivery missions. Delivery missions aren't the best paying jobs however they will put you through the paces of some of the most basic and fundamental tasks and that navigating around the verse. Lets start one of these missions. Lets click on the first one and click accept offer. Here you can either abandon, track or untrack mission, or even share it with another player. I don't recommend this as you will split the funds between your party members and these don't really pay enough for multiple people. We can just close the MobiGlass at this point. Now we need to set a waypoint for our destination. To do this we'll need to pull up our MobiGlass and go to our StarMap. Or we can use my tip number nine tapping F2 to pull up our MobiGlass straight to the StarMap page. This actually leads into my next tip number 10. Instead of using your scroll wheel to zoom out of the StarMap to find our destination we can double click left mouse button to zoom out to the system level. Here you can see all of the destinations in the Stanton System. Crusader, Hurston, ArcCorp, and Delamar. As well as more than a half a dozen LaGrange points that probably have a space station within them.

### Double Tapping Right Mouse in StarMap

As we can see by this green marker our destinations are all near MicroTech where we are located so we can use our final Tip number 11 double tapping left click on a planet to zoom into the local planet level. This shows the main planet and its surrounding moons. As we can see the moon of Calliope appears to have the packages we need to pick up and deliver to their destinations. So we'll double click left mouse button again to go into the planet or moon level zoom. From here you can click and hold right mouse button to find the location, then left click it and select set route. And that's it, you can now use the same tools I've given you earlier to quantum down to the moon and pickup the packages.

### Outro
Veteran players please let me know in the comments what I may have missed or if you have any additional tips you would like me to share with new citizens in our next episode? New players if you haven't yet enlisted with Star Citizen you should sign up for a free account today using my referral code, there is a link in the description. You'll receive an extra $5,000 starting aUEC that is very important for new players. If you need additional help there is a channel discord linked in the description as well with a helpful community, Also feel free to ask me questions live over on twitch.tv/SubliminalOnTwitch. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video YouTube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.
