# Clearing Your CrimeStat in Alpha 3.11
## A Star Citizen's Guide to the Galaxy

### Preface
I'm going to tell you everything you need to know to clear and keep from getting a CrimeStat and we’re starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Guide to the Galaxy" this is SubliminaL here and today I have something different for you because I'm kind of tired of reviewing ships to be honest. Recently I've found myself on the other side of the law more often than id like. Either while trying to get the 50 PVP kills required to get the Vanduul Mask or from a bug like the UEE randomly attacking me during CS Bounty Hunting missions for no reason. I've always played Star Citizen as a good player fighting the bad guys but, that's getting old and the naughty missions are something I've really been wanting to get into. And although I have been playing Star Citizen for a while the process is certainly become more fleshed out as of late. So today ill show you everything I've learned from where to buy CryptoKeys to comm array hacking to completely removing your CrimeStat from the UEE records.

### CrimeStat System
* Tracker Training Permit Certification - 500aUEC Fee - Bounty Hunters Guild - Unlock VLRT - 1 Residual Enemy
* Bounty Hunter Contractor Evaluation - Hurston Dynamics -
* Tracker Beginners Permit Certification - 1000aUEC Fee - Bounty Hunters Guild -  Unlock LRT - 2 Residual Enemies
* Verified Freelancer Bounty Assessment - Crusader Security -
* LRT Bounties - 5000 aUEC Reward - 2 Residual
* Fugitive Recovery Certification - Klesher Escapees
* Tracker License Certification - 2500aEUC Fee - Bounty Hunters Guild - Unlocks MRT - 2 Residual Enemies
* Pro Tem Group Warrant Contract - North Rock Service Group - Three enemies 2 Local 1 Accross System
* Suspect Apprehension - Player Bounties
* Bounty Assignment: Group Warrant - North Rock Services
* Wanted: MRT - 7500 Reward - No Residual Targets
* Journeyman Tracker License Certification - 5000aUEC Fee -  Bounty Hunters Guild - Unlock HRT - 3 Residual Targets
* Wanted: HRT - 11250aUEC Reward - 3 Residual Targets


### Purchasing a CryptoKey
Alright lets discuss how to do criminal activities and avoid a CrimeStat. The first step to either hacking a comm array or hacking your CrimeStat away is to purchase a CryptoKey. These can be purchased from a multitude of locations, But today ill be showing you 2 main locations. Personally I prefer Technotic at GrimHex because all but 1 Card can be purchased there either that or The Factory Line at New Babbage because the fastest most reliable CryptoKey can be found there. To find Technotic head over to GrimHex. Once here head toward the elevator and take it down to the Main Concourse. Once down here make a left and head toward the hallway with the red neon light, follow this corridor and enter the first door on your right. This is Technotic. All but the IcePick can be purchased here.

As for The Factory Line, head to New Babbage on MicroTech. After you've left the hangars, head toward the metro loop. Go down these stairs, through customs, and take an elevator up to MetroLoop.  Go down this hall toward the tram system, we want to go to the Commons, take the tram and get off at the first stop, head up the stairs and up the stairs again. Follow signs to the New Babbage Plaza, and keep straight. head down this beautiful flight of stairs and get off on the first level. The most expensive Cryptokey the IcePick can be found here for 1600aUEC.

CryptoKeys range in price from 199aUEC for the Walesko to the 1600aUEC IcePick we just bought from NB. Choosing what Cryptokey to purchase depends on the situation. Are you working with a low budget? How high is your CrimeStat? What is at risk if you die or go to prison right now? Personally I keep 5 Walesko's  5 Rippers and 5 IcePicks on me at all times. I use the Waleskos for lower CrimeStats or for loaning to other citizens who may need help. And the Rippers and IcePicks I use for high CrimeStat levels or when the risk of dying is too great. So what are the differences between these keys you ask? Well Keys can fail, while hacking you may need to hit a continue button that would distract you from people or NPCs that may be trying to kill you, and the hacking process can take some time. So naturally The less expensive keys will be more prone to fail, need constant interaction and take more time to hack. And the more expensive keys can be plugged in left alone and hack much faster.

### Hacking a Comm array
Now that we have our cryptokeys lets discuss how to stay off the UEEs radar. You can do this by hacking a comm array. Comm arrays can be found orbiting around major planets in star citizen. Once hacked and powered down you and any other nearby players are free to commit crimes without the worry of raising your CrimeStat, so long as your not near any UEE Security forces when you commit the crime. In addition anyone with a Level 3 Crimestat or higher will disappear from a bounty hunters StarMap and HUD. These side effects stay in effect until someone restores the comm array. This can be done by accepting a mission that goes live for everyone once the hack has been started. To hack a comm array first ensure that you have your desired crypto key stored into the utility slot on your armor. Also note that just being in the area of a comm array is enough to be charged with trespassing, this crime will get you a level 1 CrimeStat. Once you are near the terminal click the 4 on your keyboard to equip your key, and insert in into this slot on the terminal. The terminal will automatically initiate, and attempt to access the system. You'll see a progress bar with 5 steps. After each step their is a chance your progress can be halted you'll have 90 seconds to click continue or the process will fail and you'll need to start over. How often this occurs and how long each takes to fill, depends on the chip purchased. Just wait and keep an eye out for players attempting to stop you. After this process completes, you can exit crypto key, and go ahead and disconnect uplink. [System Powering Down] And that's it, you'll notice the satellite link icon has now disappeared off you HUD, you are free to do as you wish without the risk of gaining additional CrimeStat. This effect only applies to the major planet and nearby moons in your area.

### Where to Clear your CrimeStat
Ok so you proceeded to assault the UEE security officer that decided to spend 5 minutes scanning your arrow for contraband that you couldn't put in your ship if you wanted to. And now you have a CrimeStat. You've found the error of your ways and need to wipe the slate clean. As far as I know there are 2 methods, Hacking Security Post Korea, or raiding one of three planet side security facilities. The First, Security Post Korea is located outside of Cellin a moon of Crusader, the Second type of location can be found on planets or moons, as far as I know there are three, Security Depot Lyria-1 on Lyria, a moon of ArcCorp, MR Data Center 4HJ-LVE-A can be found on MicroTech, and Security Depot Hurston 1 is on the surface of Hurston. Each of the 2 types of locations has their own set of risks associated with them.

### Hacking Security Post Korea
Lets first discuss the more popular Security Post Korea. This one is the easiest to access, but its also the one more likely to encounter a player. Once you arrive land on a pad and exit your ship. Head inside and watch for players and NPCs. If there are NPCs you'll want to clear them all out. Keep your head on a swivel but remember time is of the essence. Hacking this is the same as the comm array. Stay nearby click the button if necessary and cover your entry points. It should be noted that once this process has started other lawful players will get a mission on their mobiglass to prevent the hack. Once the hacking process is complete you can begin expunging your record of the crimes you've committed. I recommend relieving the more serious crimes first as they will lower your CrimeStat to a level that would remove you from another players bounty hunting roster. Once you pick one you will have the option of choosing a reason for removing this crime. Your choice of a reason doesn't seem to have any effect at this stage in star citizens development. I like to plead insanity. Once chosen you will get a progress circle. The length of time it takes to expunge depends on the severity of the crime. Try to get an idea of how long this will take and resume covering yourself if need be. Having another player here to cover you can be beneficial, and if they dont have a crimestat they can be a meat shield that could cause a plaer to hesitate. Also once the criminal has started the process anyone can continue it. Once you have cleared your criminal record of all crimes your CrimeStat is clear and you are free to continue your adventures in the verse without fear of being hunted by players or the UEE.

### Hacking a Surface Security Facility
The second and final way of hacking your CrimeStat away is to raid a surface Facility. I mentioned the three locations I know of earlier and for this example ill head to Lyria. Because who goes to area 18 anyway right? I hate that place. The ground security facilities will surely provoke confrontation from NPCs but due to these facilities charging citizens with trespassing violations, they will also be the ones that are least likely involve player interference. Once you arrive at the security outpost you have 2 choices 1 you can dispatch the 4 or 5 turrets surrounding the facility. The difficulty of these turrets varies from patch to patch but as of now they gave me some trouble but nothing my vanguard couldn't handle especially since they can be targeted now. If you're in a fragile ship you may want to take option 2 and simply take cover behind a hill or in this case these well placed rocks and head in on foot. The Turrets only seem to target ships so this is the safest route. If you've done bunker missions before this is very simple. Head down the elevator. once you reach the sub surface level dispatch of any enemies I recommend using silenced weapons as the AI seem to be more oblivious to your presence more often than not. While on the first level look down to the lower level to scoop up some easy kills from above. Once this level is clear head down to the lower level and clear out any remaining security forces. If you didn't have much of a CrimeStat before, well you do now, as well as a bounty on your head. Don't worry about some of these other hallways NPCs tend to stay out in the open. Head down this hallway and into this room, to our left is the terminal you can use to hack away your CrimeStat. Operating this terminal is exactly the same as the others. Insert the key, wait for the hack. Expunge the record and your free. You may want to bring a cold suit for this one as the room system is clearly not working here. If you forget you can head into the next room to get some relief.

### Outro
So what did you guys think of this guide? Did I miss some locations where CrimeStats can be hacked? Would you like to see more guides like this from the channel? Let me know in the comments below. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.
