# Clearing Your CrimeStat in Alpha 3.11
## A Star Citizen's Guide to the Galaxy

### Preface
I'm going to tell you everything you need to know to clear and keep from getting a Crimestat and we’re starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Guide to the Galaxy" this is SubliminaL here and today I have somthing diffrent for you because frankly im kinda tired of reviewing ships at the moment. Recently ive found myself on the other side of the law more often than id like. Either while trying to get the 50 PVP kills required to get the Vanduul Mask or from bugs like the UEE randomly attacking me after completeting a CS4 Bounty Mission. Ive been playing StarCitizen for years now and Ive always played as a good player, and recently dicided to endulge in some of Star Citizen's Personal Missions. So today ill show you everything ive learned from where to buy CryptoKeys to comm array hacking to completly removing your crimestat from the UEE records.

### CrimeStat System
Lets first breifly discuss the Crimestat System. There are many ways to get a CrimeStat in Star Citizen. While naming them all is beyond the scope of this guide, there is attacking other players, trading Comtrolled substances, pad ramming, homicide, and not stopping to be searched by the UEE. And then there are a slew of bugs that can surround these mechanics that could put you on the wromg side of the law unjustly. Your crimestat can range from 0 to 5 with 5 being the worst. It is displayed by this avatar surrounded by a circle thats disected into 5ths. Level 1 and 2 crimestats have minimal reprocussions. you can be attacked onsight by the UEE or any players nearby and landing safely at any spaceports other than grimhex or levski will be a problem. At this stage dieing would only land you a small stent at klescher. Level 3 is the first level that will alert player bounty hunters with a mission to take you out. This is where things get dagerous. The value on your head contines to rise as your CrimeStat Increases. And at the final stage Level 5, not only would another player be awarded 20,000aUEC for killing you, but you'll have to do it with the full force of the UEE on your back. And they'll be sporting the likes of  vanguards and even a hammerhead. And if they kill you you'll be looking at a 12 hour sentence at everyones favorite rehabilitation center.

### Purchasing a CryptoKey
The first step to either hacking a comm array or hacking your crimestat away is to purchase a CryptoKey. These can be purchaded from a multitude of  locations. Personally I prefer Technotic at GrimHex because all but 1 Card can be purchased there either that or The Factory Line at New Babbage because the best CryptoKey can be found there. To find Technotic head over to GrimHex. Once here head toward the elevator and take it dowm to.the concourse. Once down here make a left and follow dowm the corridor and enter this room. This is Technotic. All but the IcePick can be purchased here. As for The Factory Line, head to New Babbage on MicroTech. Once you exit your ship take the elevator from your hangar up to the NBIS TERMINALS. Head left and dowm this hall toward the tram system, keep following this path until you reach this fork. We want to go to the Commoms, take the tram to the commoms. once you arrive, head up the stairs and up the stairs again. go toward the New Babbage Plaza and keep straight. head down this beautiful flight of stairs until you get to the LEVEL. The most expensive Cryptokey the IcePick can be found here. CryptoKeys range in price from 199aUEC for the Walesko to the 1600aUEC IcePick we just bought from NB. Choosing what Cryptokey to purchase depends on the situation. Are you working with a low budget? How high is your Crimestat? What is at risk if you die or go to prison right now? Personally I keep 5 Walesko's  5 Rippers and 5 IcePicks on me at all times. I use the Waleskos for lower crimestats or for loaning to other citizens who may neen help. And the Ripper and IcePicks I use for high crimestat levels or when the risk of dieing is too great So what are the differences between these keys you ask? Well Keys can fail, while hacking you may need to hit a CONTINUE BUTTON that would distract you from people or NPCs that may be trying to kill you, and the hacking process can take some time. So naturaly The less expensive keys will be more prone to fail, need constant interaction and take more time to hack. And the more expensive keys can be pluged in left alone and hack much faster.

### Hacking a Comm array
Now that we have our cryptokeys lets discuss how to stay off the UEEs radar. You can do this by hacking a comm array. Comm arrays can be found orbiting around major planets in star citizen. Once hacked and powered down you and any other nearby players are free to commit crimes without the worry of raising your crimestat so long as your not near any UEE Security forces when you commit the crime. In addition a bounty hunder will no longer be able to see the location of the criminal on their HUD or Star Map. These sideffects stay in effect until someone restores the comm array. This can be done by accepting a mission that goes live for everyone once the hack has been started. To hack a comm array ensure that you have your desired crypto key stored into the utility slot on your armor. Once you are near the terminal click the number 4 to equip your key and insert in into this slot on the terminal. Click ACCESS CONTROL PANEL AND DO SOME STUFF KELLY IS HOT AND I LOVE HER. And thats it you are free to do as you wish without the risk of crimestat. This effect obly applies to the majoy planet and nearby moons in your area.

### Clearing your crimestat
Ok so you proceeded to assault the UEE security officer that decided to spend 5 minuites scanning your arrow for contraband that you cant even fit in your ship. And now you have a crimestat. You've found the error of your ways and need to wipe the slate clean. As far as I know there are 2 methods, Hacking Security Outpost Korea, or raiding one of three security facilies. The First, Security Post Korea is located outside of Cellin in Crusader, Security Outpost Lyria 1 is on lyria, a moon of ArcCorp, Data Center LVE can be found on Microtech, and Security Outpost Hurston is on the surface of Hurston. Each location has thier own set of risks associated with them.

### Hacking Securty Outpost Korea
Lets first discuss the more popular Security Outpost Korea. This one is the easiest to access, but its also the one more likley to encounter a player. Once you arrive land on a pad and exit your ship. Head inside and watch for players and NPCs. If there are NPCs you'll want to clear them all out. Keep your head on a swivel but remember time is of the essense. Hacking this is the same as the comm array. Stay nearby click the button if necessary and cover your entry points. Once the hacking process is complete you can begin exponging your record of the crimes you've commited. I recommend releaving the more serious crimes first as they will lower your crimestat to a level that would remove you from another players bounty hunting roster. Once you pick one you will have the option of choosing a reason for removing this crime. Your choice of a reason doesnt seem to have any effect at this stage in star citizens development. I like to plead insanity. Once chosen you will get a progress circle. The length of time it takes to exponge depends on the severity of the crime. Try to get an ideo of how long this will take and resume covering yourself if need be. Once you have cleard your criminal record of all crimes your crimestat is clear and you are free to continue your adventures in the verse without fear of being hunted by players or the UEE.

### Hacking a Surface Security Facility
The second and final way of hacking your CrimeStat away is to raid a surface Facility. I mentioned the three locations I know of earlier and for this example ill head to lyria. Becuase who goes to area 18 anyway right? I hate that place. The ground security facility will surely provoke confrontation from NPCs but due to these facilities charging citizens with tresspassing violations. they will be the ones that are least likely envolve player interference. Once you arrive at the securty outpost you have 2 choices 1 you can dispatch the 4 or 5 turrets surrounding the facility. The difficulty of these turrets varies from patch to patch but as of now they gave me some trouble but nothing my vanguard coulent handle especially since they can be targeted now. If you're in a fragile ship you may want to take option 2 and simply take cover behind a hill or in this case these well placed rocks and head in on foot. The Turrets only seem to target ships so this is the safest route. If you've done bunker missions before this is very simple. Head down the elevator. once you reach the sub surface level dispatch of any enemies I recommend using silenced weapons as the AI seem to be oblivious to your preasence more often than not. While on the first level look down to the lower level to scoop up some eash kills from above. Once this level is clear head down to the lower level and clear out any remaing security forces. If you didnt have much of a CrimeStat before well you do now but no worries well take care of that soon. Dont worry about some of these other hallways NPCs tend to stay out in the open. Head down this hallway and into this room, to our left is the terminal you can use to hack away your crimestat. Operating this terminal is exactly the same as the others. Insert the key wait for the hack. Exponge the record and your free.

### Outro
So what did you guys think of this guide? Did I miss some locations where crimestats can be hacked? Would you like to see more guides like this from the channel? Let me know in the comments below. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.