# Understanding Power Plants
## Components Guide
### Preface
We're gonna take an in depth look into Power Plants and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thanks to all the support from Patrons and Channel Members it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated.
Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Guide to the Galaxy" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide I will explain my Understanding of how Power Plants work, including, Power Draw, Max Power Draw, how Draw Request Time effects your power plant and ship, how to determine if you build is power inefficient, and show some tests I completed live on twitch to find answers to questions I've always had about power plants. Spoiler Alert they work like coolers and you probably don't need to upgrade them, but after this video you'll understand when and why you should upgrade them. The pinned comment will be used to ensure accuracy and provide a place for me to place any afterthoughts after receiving your feedback. This is Part 3 of a series that covers each archetype of component and weapon in depth. So Make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked for more. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
Regardless of the testing shown here today Power Plants are an important component for your ship in Star Citizen, for obvious reasons like because your ship wont turn on without one installed. PSA to new players please note the RSI website is not recommended as a source for current and updated information on ships, components, or weapons. I highly recommend Erkul.Games for up-to-date info that is gathered straight from the games data.

### Power Draw
Its easy to understand how your power plant works in star citizen, it generates power for your components weapons and thrusters. Your Power Draw is how much power is currently being generated by your plants. To understand Power Draw lets take a look at a sabre build I made over at Erkul.Games, we'll be looking at the Stealth Class Slipstreams. It should be noted that the Sabre has 2 power plants but I'm trying to keep this simple so this illustration will just show one. Your Power Draw is listed here in white. This rate is not static it depends on a lot of things, luckily erkul has these things toggleable. As you can see maneuvering, shields charging, and especially firing your weapons is a huge factor in how much power your plants will need to generate. Amongst other factors that don't pertain to this particular ship.
If Power Draw is the amount of power being generated then you guessed it Max Power Draw is the maximum amount of power the Power Plant can generate. This is static and only changes if you change your Power Plants. If your weapons, components, and thrusters exceed its max power draw then you will have issues, the best way to know if you have insufficient MAX power draw is if you see the following happening. In this demonstration I have powered down one of the stealth power plants and it alone, cannot handle this build. I am going to simply bring my speed limiter up to Max with cruise control on, and start firing. Because you cant see, ill just tell you I not pulling up. What I think is happening here is some thrusters that are keeping me balanced are malfunctioning causing me to drift in one direction in this case up. When I stop firing you can see the ship starts to head into the intended direction. Also if you have a keen eye you'll notice the CF series repeaters rate of fire is atrocious. Having insufficient power will lower the rate of fire of your energy weapons. And an even more extreme example I overclocked the weapons and other components and one of my weapons is firing extremely slow and its no longer in sync with the others, that still aren't firing at the intended rate. To make sure this doesn't happen just plug your build into erkul and if you see this, you should make some changes before heading out into the verse. If not your good to go. Also erkul does not factor in overclocking so if you plan too, its best to leave yourself some headroom. Back to the Power Plants, the common misconception I've seen in the community is that buying power plants with a higher power draw will yield a faster rate of fire or have some other sort of positive effect on your ship. I'm sorry to break it to you, it doesn't. The problem is the cables or what CIG calls pipes that lead into your components cannot be changed by using a different Power Plant. The size or gauge of these pipes is determined by the component ,weapon, or maybe even the ship itself. For example, if your watching this you probably have a pretty decent gaming PC. You may have noticed the gauge on the cable is much greater than the one you use to power an alarm clock. But certainly not as big as the one used by your dryer or AC unit. That's because there is a limited amount of power that can be sent through a cable. So by thinking that upgrading your Power Plants will raise your rate of fire, or raise your dps, you are essentially asking for the ship or the components cable gauge to be widened, and that's not currently possible. This pipe system that CIG uses is how the system currently works but there are plans to change this in the future. For now either your power plant has sufficient enough max power draw, or it doesn't. Spending money on more power than you need yields no benefit.

### Power Generation & Request Time
Now lets talk about how Request Time effects your Power Plants. We'll be looking at three very good but very different Power Plants, the Quick Stealth Class Slipstream, the all-around great JS-300, and the Beefy Breton. Let's look at the Slipstream first, it has a max power draw of 1,788 and a request time of just 1.25 seconds. What you have to understand is from the start the Slipstream does not generate power at the rate of 1,788 power per second it is actually generating at an idle rate, if your powered up. Request time is the amount of time in seconds that it takes for the Power Plant to get from 0 to the max rate of 1,788power per second. So for our example the Slipstream will take a little less than just 1.25 seconds to reach the 1,788power per second if going from idle to its max rate. Or the full 1.25 seconds from a cold start either because you just powered up your ship or starting to recover from an EMP.
Now Lets compare this to the all around great JS-300. It has a max Power Draw of almost 3,700power per second and a Request Time of 10 seconds. Decent Power Draw but not so good request time.
And finally the Breton with over 4,700 power generation and a 21.25sec request time. Great power draw but terrible request time.
Now lets watch all three of these power up at the same time.

Lets use the arrow for example if equipped with Fixed Mantis GT-220s, an FR-66, and 2 zero rushes, it requires almost 1,500 power draw if your maneuvering, and firing, while your shields are charging. Lets start this over and add the 1,500 power draw needed for reference. I'll pause it right here. If this is all the power generation you need Why go with a power plant that generates so much more power?
While were waiting for the Breton to power up, let me talk about a common myth amongst the community. If you've seen my cooler video you can skip ahead. If your ship can carry 2 power plants like the Sabre or Banu Defender. Each Power Plant adds to the pool of max Power Draw, and they work independently. For example if you pair the Slipstream with a Breton, the Breton will not inherit the lower request time of the Slipstream. This also applies to all other components. This may have been the case multiple patches ago, but not now.

### In-Game Power Plant Testing.
Now for some in-game testing to find answers to some questions I have about rumors I've heard. Mainly about rate of fire. This first test will show the stock fire rate with no changes to power prioritization. You'll be seeing the first 5 seconds of the size three CF series laser repeaters from each pair of power plants tested. Try to listen if there is a difference between each plant.

Alright that's the baseline lets try overclocking the power plants.

I didn't here any difference between the 2.

Ok so overclocking the power plant doesn't effect fire rate. Lets see if we give more power prioritization to weapons, to see if that makes a difference.

No difference to me.

Now lets just put all 9 of these clips together without me pausing in between each test. You can skip ahead if you like.



### My thoughts
So what did we learn about this week. Well we learned that like coolers before it upgrading your power plants past what is needed for your build yields no benefit. That Overclocking your power plant is only beneficial if you have insufficient power to begin with. And that the power triangle is more of a power prioritizer, that is again only useful if your powerplant cant handle your build. For a Star Citizens Guide to the Galaxy, I'm SubliminaL, I'll see you next week. No no don't leave I'm just joking. Due to what I've learned through this testing and research. There are 3 options you should go with when picking Power Plants. 1st is, if your stock Power Plants can handle your upgrades then there is no reason to upgrade them. If you still want to upgrade them then you have 2 options. Either go with grade 1 stealth Power Plants to get the lowest possible EM IR emissions or my personal favorite go with the lowest draw request time in case you get EMPd. In most cases the later 2 are probably the same power plant like the slipstream, best of both worlds. The problem is there are only a few ships and builds that can operate with just 1,788 max power draw. If not then I'd recommend the old trusty JS series.
I'm recording this dialogue now and feel like my point isn't being made clear and this also applies to coolers. Power plants and coolers aren't broken they are working as intended and like everything else in star citizen there are plans for more improvements. I think this current pipe system lacks depth. The components themselves have a lot of depth with a draw rate and request time. But I feel as though request time doesn't matter much unless you get EMP'd. A great example of depth is shields, stay tuned for my guide on those coming soon. I believe if the community's assumptions about faster fire rate, or longer time before overheating for both weapons and thrusters where actually true, it would make ship modifications a much more important.

 I do however know this system will improve in the future and I am looking forward to it.





### Outro
I hope you've enjoyed this in-depth look into Power Plants. In Part 4 in this series will take an in depth look into Shields, it will be added to the info card, end screen and description once it's complete. Did I miss anything? let me know down in the comments. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 You can follow me on Twitch I go live after almost every YouTube release Twitch Prime Subs help support the channel #5 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.
