# Understanding Shields in Alpha 3.11
## A Star Citizen's Guide to the Galaxy

### Preface
I'm going to tell you everything you need to know about shields in Alpha 3.11 and we’re starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Guide to the Galaxy" this is SubliminaL here and today  We're going to take a deep dive into shield generators. We'll discuss and demonstrate everything from, how power plants and coolers effect shields, How overclocking changes shields, as well as what every one of these tabs on erkul mean, and how it effects your shields. Plus we'll answer some questions and bust myths that some of our viewers on Twitch had. I may be completely wrong about some of the info in this guide and that's OK because we are all learning throughout our journey in Star Citizens Alpha that is constantly changing. The pinned comment will be used to ensure accuracy. This is Part 4 of a series that will cover each archetype of component and weapon in depth. So Make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked for more. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Erkul Tabs
Lets get straight into those tabs on erkul and what they mean. For our Example we'll be using the FR-66, and work our way from left to right.

#### Health Pool
The first is Health. Health is best described as a health pool. Each shield generator individually adds health or water to the facings. In the example of the FR-66 this value is 6120. I am unsure if this value is split amongst all four shield facings or if this is the value for each facing. And to be honest for comparison it doesn't really matter. As you can see your shield facings health pools are displayed in this diagram surrounding your ship. As you take damage the pool depletes. Once this pool is depleted your ships hull will take 100% of damage that comes through the downed facing.

#### Regen Rate
Next is Regen Rate. Regen rate is the maximum amount of health your shield generator can add to the health pool per second, if your shield gets downed or damaged. It is displayed along with your health pool here, if you avoid damage for enough time your shields will start to regen. Simple right?, nope Regen Rate is not the only thing that determines the rate that your shield will regenerate, request time has an equal or greater effect but we'll get to that in a bit.

#### Damaged Regen Delay
Now for Damaged Regen Delay, this is the amount of time in seconds that the regen process will be halted if a shield facing takes damage before it can fully recharge. For example as you can see here I am taking damage, but not enough to down the facing. Now we see the FR-66s start to regen after almost 4 seconds. For most size 2 or larger shields this value is 0 meaning that it is constantly regenerating even as its being hit.

#### Downed Regen Delay
Downed Regen delay is exactly the same as Damaged except of course it only applies if your shield facing gets downed completely. This is typically a much longer duration than the damaged delay. By design this punishes players for allowing a shield facing to get completely downed. As you can see here with my shield facing down the FR-66 takes just 5 and a half seconds to start to regen after being downed completely.

#### Physical Absorption minimum & maximum
Now for one of my favorite shield properties, physical Absorption minimum and maximum. This is the minimum or maximum amount of physical damage or (Ballistic fire) that a shield can deflect. This means that regardless of your FR-66s health pool it can only deflect up to 50% of its damage. And of course at the same time it could deflect up to 95% of the rounds damage. Ever wonder why your hull flashes red although your shields are still up? This is why we see ballistics being used so much in pvp. Because how much of a shame would it be to almost deplete an enemies shields for them to retreat and regain them back at 100% after a grueling dogfight. This is also why you may have seen some ships in the verse go boom before the shield facings even go down. Now with an exception of only 4 shields every shield in Star Citizen has this same ballistic Absorption. The exceptions are the size 1 Steward that you should never use, the Size 1 Palisade that I seldom recommend for reasons I'll discuss later, and the Size 1 Guardian that I recommend for tanky or PVP builds. Each of these shields have a 70-98% absorption rate. And finally the big daddy, size 2 Sukoran. The Sukoran is the only shield currently in the game that has 100% ballistic absorption. This means that if you are in a ship like the cutlass with 1 shield slot, or have 2 of these on say a freelancer. It will only take hull damage from ballistic fire after its been downed completely. We'll talk more bout those in a bit.

#### Harden Factor Duration & Cooldown
Next is Hardening. Shield hardening is something that hadn't worked in Star Citizen for a while up until alpha 3.10. And it basically does as the name describes. Hardening a shield facing reduces the amount of shield pool that is lost when your facing takes damage. Hardening isn't really initially displayed on your MFD what you have to do is, from the shield page click on one of the 4 facings. Now this facings bar has an outer ring that is now flashing all the while getting smaller. Hardening is now activated, the length of this bar is your Hardening Duration once this goes down to 0 this shield facing is no longer being hardened. I'm going to fast forward this a little bit, after it reaches zero the tips of this bar turn red and the bar begins to go back up. And as you might have guessed this is your Hardening Cooldown. Once this bar is back to 100% you will be able to harden a facing once again. As for hardening factor this is the factor by which your shields will be hardened. This doesn't seem to abide by any math I understand but basically the higher the number the less damage the hardened facing will take. A few things you should know about hardening is that: 1 you can only harden 1 shield facing at a time. And number 2 there is currently no keybindings for it. This means that while flying you will need to hold your interaction button and click the desired facing to activate it. So this can't be used in most situations. Hardening in the middle of a dogfight could leave you vulnerable, hardening while retreating means that for a second you would be flying in a predictable direction without being able to evade. Plus if your retreating wouldn't your shields be down. This leaves only one option in my opinion and that's to use it just before a dogfight... and only seems like an option if your are initiating this fight or are able to predict it. If you would like to know more about shield hardening check out Camural's video on the subject, he has a dedicated video that goes into much more detail.

#### Reallocation & Reallocation rate
Where hardening is something that has a small use case this next subject has a good one and is the first sign I see that signals If I am fighting an experienced pilot or not. Reallocation is the technique of unevenly distributing shield pool to a facing that you intend to take more damage from. This can be done on your keyboard by tapping number pad 8 for bow, 6 for starboard, 2 for aft, and 4 for stern. If we tap 8 in this example you can see our nose facing starts to rise from 100 to 188 all while the other facing drop to 71. If we tap it again it gives us a 275/42/42/42 split, and finally the last stage has a 363/13/13/13 split . This basically takes HP pool evenly from three facings and applies it to a facing of your choice. This will of course leave your other facings vulnerable. However, this is great for if you're in a smaller more nimble ship than your opponent and can be certain that you can keep your nose between you and your enemies fire, or aft during a retreat. This is also great for raiding bunkers since they are certainly unable to flank you. The reallocation amount is the same across every shield in Star Citizen, except you guessed it the sukoran. Those Tevarins have to be difficult don't they. And the reallocation rate is how long in seconds it takes for the changes to take effect.

#### Power Draw Request Time
Now for one of the most important, misunderstood, and overlooked metric of shields, Power Draw Request time or as its called in the games files, TimeToReachDrawRequest. I mention this less common name because I feel it better describes its function, and personally I like to just call it request time for short. This isn't actually the time it takes your shield to become fully operational after your go flight ready. Let's use our FR-66 as an example again. When the FR-66s shield facing starts to regenerate it doesn't regenerate at 306hp/s it actually starts 0% and climbs its way up over the duration of it's request time. Therefor a shield with a high regen rate is only as good as its request time. So for example having a 1000hp/s regen rate is nothing if it takes an hour to reach that rate. So now that we've covered all of the metrics that effect your regen rate lets put all this together. In this example I'll be using a Gladius and pairing the great all around FR-66 with the quick regening mirage. I'm choosing the mirage due to its quick regen rate, and 3s request time. I have reallocated my shields to the front to amplify the process. I'll have my shields taken down completely and we can observe the stages our shields go through. Now that our shields are down we'll wait a little over 5 seconds for the FR-66 to kick in. Now about 14 seconds after we were last hit the mirage will kick in and you'll see the regen rate start to accelerate even more. It then stabilizes once again at a steady rate since both shields draw request to regen is complete. And now we're ready to get back into the fight.

#### Power to EM & Temperature to IR
And the last of the metrics from the DPS Calculator, Power to EM & Temperature to IR. I'm not sure exactly how the numbers here correlate to the values we see on our HUDS but these are pretty straight forward, the higher the number The less stealthy you are in these 2 categories. While I will cover stealth more in a dedicated video later, I will tell you that your shields will make or break a stealth build because they produce much of your emissions overall, especially if they are charging. What you've been seeing is the IR of a Sabre with a dedicated stealth build. Now here is a Sabre with triple FR-66s and Dual JS-300s. That's a big difference. That extra NUMBER IR would add up to an extra NUMBER meters to your detection range. Check out my stealth calculator, to determine your detection range in the verse.

### Overclocking shields
Overclocking your shields is something that everyone says you should do but why? What does it do? Well lets first briefly discuss how you do it for those of us that don't know. To overclock any components pull open your power menu and open the items tab. Here you'll see a bunch of different items you can overclock in this example we are sporting 2 SlipStreams. To overclock simply click the overclock button. This process will take just a few seconds. It is also recommended that you overclock your power plants as well so we don't have power draw issues. Now what does this actually do, lets find out? In this test we'll have the Sabre take shots from some distortion repeaters but not enough to take the facing down completely. The clips will disappear once the shields have completely regenerated. RESULTS
And for this next test we will do the same thing but allow our shield facing to be powered down completely. RESULTS
DISCUSSION

### Other Components & shields
Now lets discuss how other components effect our shields. For these tests we'll have our shield facing taken down completely and I'll remove the clip at the frame that shows 100%. First we'll test Coolers. I've chosen to test UltraFlows with the highest output vs my favorite the stealth class SnowBlinds with significantly less cooling rate. RESULTS
DISCUSSION
Now lets try Power Plants. We will be doing testing the same as before but this time we'll include overclocking in the results. Again I've chosen power plants with polar opposite power draws. The Industrial Class Breton and my favorite the Stealth Class SlipStreams. First we'll test stock. RESULTS
DISCUSSION
And next we'll try it with them OverClocked. RESULTS
DISCUSSION

### Damage Type Effects on Shields
Lets explore different damage type effects on shields. Right now there are three damage types. The first is ballistic, for this demonstration I'll be taking fore through the front shield and as you can see by the flashing hull ballistic fire does damage to both the shields and the hull even with the shields being up. The next damage type is energy or laser, and we'll be taking damage again from the front but we'll allow them to go completely down. As you can see the shields are going down but while they are still up the hull is not taking damage. But once it is down the energy weapons are able to damage the hull. And the last damage type is distortion. Recently in 3.11 splash damage was fixed and with this ballistics and distortions are in a much better place. For this demonstration I will actually be testing 2 different distortions weapons. First we'll be testing DR-XJ3s again taking damage to the front facing. As you can see here the front shield is taking a lot of damage, but there is no damage being done to the hull, and even after the facing goes down there is no hull damage being done. Now we'll test a different set of distortion weapons. This time we'll be taking damage through the front shield from SuckerPunches. Now as you can see here. Not only are we taking damage from the front shield but the splash damage is actually doing damage to other facings as well. And now our cooler has taken enough damage to actually go offline, and with no cooling being provided the ship overheats and shuts down to prevent further damage. We are now a sitting duck.

### Ballistic Penetration
Earlier when we were discussing ballistic absorption I mentioned that most shields absorb a minimum of 50% ballistic fire up to 95% . So a question I have is this. When is it absorbing 50% and when is it absorbing 95%. Is it random? or do you take more ballistic damage when the shields are low? So finding out should be simple. For this test I've recorded the sabre taking ballistic cannon fire when the shields are at 100% waiting for them to come back up and rinse and repeat. All while having a third party recording the damage taken along the way.

### Damage Type Effects on Shields
