# Aegis Vanguard Hoplite
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Aegis Vanguard Hoplite, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Aegis Vanguard Hoplite, our primary build has a focus on PVE, Although I will give my recommendations for PVP as well. My full review of the Vanguard Hoplite will be coming soon so make sure your not one of the 60% of viewers that aren't subscribed. I go live on twitch just before every YouTube Release, Come over and give me your thoughts on the Vanguard Hoplite and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Aegis Vanguard Hoplite is a cross between the winning Vanguard deep space fighter and a dedicated boarding ship. And today, were going to load it out to Excel at, getting ground or boarding forces to their objective safely. I'll also briefly cover stealth.

### Components
Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Vanguard Hoplite is the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, Maelstrom, with almost 9,400 max power draw per second and a 13.75sec request time. Since we have 2 powerplants we should go for either stealth or request time fortunately enough the Eclipse is the best at both. Its grade 1, Stealth Class, has over 5,300 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We will loose a significant amount of max power draw but we don't need it and we'll reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. Check out my power plant guide that explains why I've made this decision. The Eclipse will set you back around 75,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Vanguard Hoplite are the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, Arctic Coolers with a max cooling rate of 5200kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 12.5 seconds. I can't stress this enough you do not need to upgrade these. However just in case there are some ballers out there, I recommend adding Cool Cores, they are Grade 3, Industrial Class, with a cooling rate of 8000kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 10 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 2.5 seconds and slightly reducing your stealth signature. 1 Cool Core will cost you 60,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations. To find out why upgrading this is solely for EMP recovery, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout this guide on coolers.

Before we get to the shields. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, we have a community of over 1,500 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts Link in the Description.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Vanguard Hoplite's stock shield generators are the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, FullStop Shield Generators with an HP pool of almost 22,000, a 273hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 0s dmg delay, a 11.25s dwn delay, and a 9s request time. To get troops into the fight safely I'm going for a tanky combination, 1 great all around FR-76 that is, grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of almost 25,000, a 310hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and an 7.5s draw request time. And ill pair this with the beefy Rampart. The Rampart is Grade 1, Industrial Class, with an HP pool of 32,000, a 173hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and an 13.5s draw request time. This will raise your overall shield pool, but this shield will be much slower at regenerating due to its regen rate and request time. An honorable mention would be dual FR 76s if the slower regen bothers you. The pair will set you back over 91,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

It should be noted that there is a better shield combo in my opinion. Pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken down completely before you can take hull damage from that shield generator or completely if you are fortunate enough to have 2. The upside is unparalleled shield pool and pretty good Stealth, the downside is a terrible regen rate. But since this is a PVE build its really no big deal. Unfortunately if you don't own either the Defender or Prowler, there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Vanguard Hoplite is the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, Crossfield, with a 236Mm/s quantum speed, an 20.7/Mm fuel requirement, a 2.25s spool up, and a 21.6s cooldown time. This is another component that does not need to be upgraded, this is the best stock qt drive you can have, However if you want to save 20 seconds off a jump across the system, I recommend using the XL1. The XL1 is Grade 1, Military Class, has a 260Mm/s quantum speed, a 24/Mm fuel requirement, a 1.75sec second Spool Up and a 22.86sec cooldown time. This drive is the fastest Size 2 drive, and can almost make a trip from one end of the System to the other. The XL1 will run you almost 95,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the nose the Vanguard Hoplite is equipped with a size 5  Hardpoint. With a Gimballed Size 4 Revenant Ballistic Gatling mounted. One Revenant does 31 alpha damage, times 1300rpm, for a total of 672dps, and a 3,700-meter range. I love this weapon for PVP, however for PVE I am looking for longevity and the revenants low ammo count doesn't do it for me. Plus I found the vanguard nimble enough for fixed. So I'll be adding the big ass CF-557 Galdereen Laser Repeater. One Gladereen does 264 alpha damage, times 225rpm, for a total of 990dps, and a 4,700-meter range. These absolutely shred and with their range targets are dead before you know what you killed. An honorable mention would be attritions, I found my slightly TTK was lower with the CF-Series but I recommend trying out the Attrition 5 due to its overwhelming love from the community. One Galdereen will run you 32,000aUEC and can be found at these locations.

Inside the nose we have the 4 bespoke BVRS ballistic repeaters. One BVRS does 61 alpha damage, times 290rpm, for a total of 295dps, and 2,200-meter range. I do recommend these for PVP, but for PVE, I'll be adding the laser repeaters to complement the Galdereen. One GVSR does 55 alpha damage, times 310rpm, for a total of 284dps, and 2,400-meter range. One GVSR will cost around 6500auec and can be found at these locations.

The manned turret toats 2 size 2 SW16BR2 Sawbuck ballistic repeaters. One Sawbuck does 64 alpha damage, times 280rpm, for a total of 299dps, and 2,100-meter range. I hate these, I want good range and shield penetration because the pilot will be deleting foes from existence before they get within range. So I've chosen strife mass drivers. One Mass Driver does 230 alpha damage, times 63rpm, for a total of 242dps, and 2,500-meter range. If your worried about ammo the size 2 CF series will do fine. One Mass Driver will cost around 14,000auec and can be found at these locations.

Inside the Fuselage we have 2 bespoke Missile racks each with 4 size 2 missiles, One with 4 Ignite IIs, and one with 4 Dominator IIs. The way missiles are behaving right now id go for the most damage or quickest lock time. For the most damage and countermeasure resistance id add StrikeForce IIs. One StrikeForce II is Size 2, does 3,800 damage, has a 2.4s lock time, and a 4,800m lock range. If you prefer quick lock time or intend to PVP a very respectable honorable mention would be Rattler II's due to their incredibly quick lock time and temporary blindness.

If you don't have a whopping 422,000 aUEC for this build I would buy them in the following order. Note this total does include the XL1 but does not include upgrading the coolers. Since the vanguard series has military grade components the stock loadout will not limit you in any significant way. So the most important things here are the weapons and shields, followed by the stealth power plants upgrading any more is not necessary.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. While a full stealth build in a vanguard will not allow you to attack outside of your detection range it can give your enemies less time to prepare for an attack if your PVPing. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Eclipse power plants from the main build, throw on the stealth grade 1 Night fire coolers, ad 2 Stealth grade 1 Umbra Shield Generators, And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. I think that's pretty simple. Now for the weapons its less cut and dry. For stealth id prefer long range ballistic weapons. They penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse. Unfortunately once again there aren't any size 5 weapons that fit this description. The deadbolts appear to have a overheat bug. So we'll go gimballed once again. Same as the PVP build, revenant under the nose and BVRS in the nose. As for the turret the mass drivers I recommended before will do fine.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Vanguard Hoplite after 30 min of flying around is around 7,500 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,750 and 5,625m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build much but it can be fun to try out.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Hoplite, i'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. My full review of the Aegis Vanguard Hoplite will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. Remember I'm go live on twitch after every YouTube Release, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "Vessels of the Verse" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 You can follow me on Twitch, Prime Subs help support the channel #5 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite Review,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite Loadout, Star Citizen,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite Star Citizen,Star Citizen Aegis Vanguard Hoplite,star citizen Aegis Vanguard Hoplite review,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite 3.10,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite tour,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite Walkthrough,Aegis Vanguard Hoplite ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Aegis,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Aegis Vanguard Hoplite

### description
Aegis Vanguard Hoplite Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #AegisVanguard Hoplite in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/AegisVanguardHopliteLoadout
