# Aegis Gladius
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Aegis Gladius, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, Halloween 2020 is approaching and Star Citizen has taken to the festivities with an exclusive Vanduul Helmet, awarded for 50 Unique Player Kills in the PU. This can only be done while piloting the Esperia Glaive, or the Ageis Gladius. And in this guide we will discuss my recommended weapons and components to make the most of this killing machine. I have already reviewed the Gladius this year and although my thoughts on it haven't changed my loadout has so I figured this was a great time to update it. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Gladius is a long-serving military light fighter spacecraft developed by Aegis Dynamics and first utilized by the United Empire of Earth Navy in the 26th century. Its frame is easily modified, and has undergone numerous technology retrofits in the past three centuries. And today were going to retrofit it again to fuck some people up in the persistent universe. I'll also briefly cover stealth and mention honorable mentions for PVE.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, that generates power for our weapons and components. The standard power plant on the Gladius is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Regulus. When deciding on a power plant your priorities should be request time and stealth with max power generation being last. So ill be adding a Slipstream. It's grade 1, Stealth Class, has almost 1,800 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We will loose a significant amount of max power draw but reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. I'm choosing the Slipstream to reduce power up time from a cold start or EMP and to reduce my detection range. This choice works great for the rest of this build, However if you go with energy weapons you will almost certainly need to use a JS-300 instead.

Let's discuss its coolers, these cool your weapons and components after they've overheated. The standard coolers on the Gladius are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers. This is one component you DO NOT NEED to upgrade. However if you want the absolute best performance that not really worth the cost, I recommend adding Zero Rushes, they are Grade 2, Competition Class, with a cooling rate of 238kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 3 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 9 seconds but slightly lowering your cooling per second, however you don't need the extra. An honorable mention would be snow blinds for slightly more stealth at the cost of that power up time.

For a full explanation of how Power Plants and Coolers work, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout my guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming soon.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Gladius's stock shield generators are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, AllStop Shield Generators. This is another decent stock component that you don't HAVE to upgrade. However I want to maximize our survivability. So I'll be adding an FR-66 It's grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of over 6,100, a 306hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 3.85s dmg delay, a 5.5s dwn delay, and a 10s draw request time. And I'll be pairing it with a Mirage, that is grade 1, Stealth Class, with an HP pool of over 3,000, a 342hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 2.14s dmg delay, a 14s dwn delay, and a 3s request time. This combo ads the quick regen rate of the Mirage with the all-around great FR-66. But it should be noted that this build requires that the pilot takes full advantage of the Gladiuses speed and agility. Sporting a mirage could be a death sentence if you just like to sit there and face tank. Other honorable mentions would be pairing the mirage with a guardian for some extra ballistic protection and health pool. Or a dual FR-66 build would work best for the least experienced of pilots.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Gladius is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Beacon. This drive is pretty quick. And if you plan on staying around grimhex hoping to catch some fellow pvpers then maybe you could save the cost of upgrading. If you want a drive with a good balance between range and speed, I recommend using the Atlas. The Atlas is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm/s quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. If your not ok with the extra spool up time I recommend keeping the beacon.

With an exception of the Atlas all these components can be found at New Babbage. But you will need to stop by PO to get the Atlas. Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, where we have a community of over 1,700 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Under the nose the Gladius is equipped with a size 3 Hardpoint. With a Fixed Size 3 Mantis GT-220 Gatling mounted. One GT-220 does 29 alpha damage, times 1000rpm, for a total of 480dps, and a 2,400-meter range. As you may know for PVP I prefer ballistics, and these are the best ones in my opinion, so it can stay.

Under each wing we have another size 3 hardpoint, with a fixed size three CF-337 Panther Laser Repeater. These are one of my favorite weapons and are my go-to for PVE. But I'm going to add more GT-220s here to match the nose. If you are using this for PVE or don't like to have your ammo limited I would keep CF-337s and add another to the nose, But remember if you do that you will not be able to use the stealth power plant.

Also under each wing we have an MSD-313 Missile Rack with 1 Arrester III. One Arrester III, does 4,200 damage, has a 3.5s lock time, and a 9,000m lock range. This is a great missile for a pre-emptive attack, with its long lock range and payload. And since we can easily swap between missiles in 3.11 this can be a great tactic. Another option would be to replace this missile rack with an MSD-322 and adding a couple of Rattler II's. One Rattler II, does 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m lock range.

And lastly underneath each wing near the tips. We have an MSD-322 rack with 2 Ignite II's. One Ignite II, does 3,700 damage, has a 1.25s lock time, and a 5,600m lock range. This isn't a bad missile but I want the best lock-time and to temporarily blind my enemies. So ill be adding Rattler II's here as well. Using either a complete Rattler build or combining some of them with Arrester III's will honestly be something I will switch between depending on the situation.

If you don't have 146,000 aUEC to purchase this build all at once I would buy them in the following order. The Mantis's can be found at New Babbage like the components, but you'll have to travel to some less common places to get the rattler II's The most important things here are the weapons, shields, and power plant.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. Stealth in the Gladius is certainly possible. It would be tough to fire you weapons and stay undetected but your can certainly cripple an unsuspecting enemy with a surprise attack. Also it is certainly Possible for you to fire your missiles, especially size 3s from outside your detection range. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Slipstream power plants from the main build, throw on the Competition Grade 1 Zero Rush coolers (You could go Snow Blinds as well), add 2 Stealth grade 1 Mirage Shield Generators, And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. For weapons id stick with the GT-220s, Ballistics penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Gladius after 30 min of flying around is around 5,000 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 2,500 and 3,750m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner it can go up to 20,000. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build to assist in achieving these 50 kills it would be fun to do in other circumstances.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Gladius, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. My full review is a few months old now but my thoughts are still the same. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Aegis Gladius,Aegis Gladius Review,Aegis Gladius Loadout, Star Citizen,Aegis Gladius Star Citizen,Star Citizen Aegis Gladius,star citizen Aegis Gladius review,Aegis Gladius 3.11,Aegis Gladius tour,Aegis Gladius Walkthrough,Aegis Gladius ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Aegis,3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Aegis Gladius

### description
Aegis Gladius Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #AegisGladius in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/AegisGladiusLoadout
