# Aegis Vanguard Sentinel
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Aegis Vanguard Sentinel, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Aegis Vanguard Sentinel, our primary build has a focus on PVP, Although I will give my recommendations for PVE as well. My full review of the Vanguard Sentinel will be coming soon so make sure your not one of the 60% of viewers that aren't subscribed. I went live on twitch just before releasing this guide, Come over and give me your thoughts on the Vanguard Sentinel and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Aegis A3G Vanguard Sentinel is an electronic warfare ship that's designed to fight smart instead of taking enemies head on. But since none of its "smart" features are implemented into the game we're just going to load it out to fuck some shit up with an emphasis on PVP. I'll also briefly cover stealth and mention honorable mentions for PVE.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plants on the Vanguard Sentinel are the size 2, grade 2, Stealth Class, Gamma MAXs. I typically recommend stealth plants when you have 2 slots available and this one isn't terrible. However with the Sentinels EMP and the shields I'm going to be adding this plant won't be able to provide enough power. So ill be adding a couple of Eclipses. Thee are grade 1, Stealth Class, have over 5,300 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We will gain max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. If you find yourself slightly deviating from this build and it becomes power inefficient then pair 1 Eclipse with a JS-400. I'm choosing the eclipse to reduce power up time and my detection range. The Eclipse will set you back around 75,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Vanguard Sentinel are the size 2, grade 3, Stealth Class, Heat Sink Coolers. I can't stress this enough you DO NOT NEED to upgrade these. However if you want the absolute best performance that not worth the cost, I recommend adding Cool Cores, they are Grade 3, Industrial Class, with a cooling rate of 8000kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 10 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 5 seconds but slightly raising your stealth signature. An honorable mention would be the stealth Night Falls for their lower emissions. 1 Cool Core will cost you 60,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations. To better understand Power Plants and Coolers, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout these guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming soon.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Vanguard Sentinel's stock shield generators are the size 2, grade 2, Stealth Class, Sheut Shield Generators. Since were not going stealth I want To have a good balance between hp pool and regen rate, so ill adding a couple of FR-76s they are, grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of almost 25,000, a 310hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, have a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 7.5s draw request time. This will significant raise your overall shield pool, significantly lower your regen delay, But slightly reduce regen rate, and significantly raise your stealth emissions. If you'd like more shield pool at a slower regen rate an honorable mention would be to pair the FR-76 with a Rampart. One FR-76 will set you back over 38,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

It should be noted that there is another great shield combo in my opinion. Pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken down completely for ballistics to damage the hull, from that shield generator or completely if you are fortunate enough to have 2. The upside is unparalleled shield pool and pretty good Stealth, the downside is a terrible regen rate. However you can adapt your playstyle, you will just need to ensure you take your enemy out before your sheilds go down completely because once they do, that's all she wrote, for this reason I don't recommend dual Sukorans if you plan to PVP. Unfortunately if you don't own either the Defender or Prowler, there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Vanguard Sentinel is the size 2, grade 3, Stealth Class, Nova. This drive isn't terrible but its certainly not very fast, I recommend using the XL1. The XL1 is Grade 1, Military Class, has a 260Mm/s quantum speed, a 24/Mm fuel requirement, a 1.75sec second Spool Up and a 22.86sec cooldown time. This drive is the fastest Size 2 drive, and can almost make a trip from one end of the System to the other. The XL1 will run you almost 95,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, we have a community of over 1,500 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the nose the Vanguard Sentinel is equipped with a size 5 Hardpoint. With a Gimballed Size 4 Attrition 4 Laser repeaters mounted. One Attrition-4 does 137 alpha damage, times 270rpm, for a total of 617dps, and a 4,000-meter range. Attritions are good weapons but with the nimbleness of the Sentinel I think it will certainly benefit from fixed. For PVP I do prefer ballistics, however there aren't any good ballistic weapons in size 5, but I really want the range that they give. So I'll be adding the big ass CF-557 Galdereen Laser Repeater. One Gladereen does 264 alpha damage, times 225rpm, for a total of 990dps, and a 4,700-meter range. These absolutely shred and with their range targets are dead before you know what you killed. An honorable mention would be attritions 5s, I found my TTK was slightly lower with the CF-Series but I recommend trying out the Attrition 5 due to its overwhelming love from the community. One Galdereen will run you 32,000aUEC and can be found at these locations.

Inside the nose we have the 4 bespoke ATVS Distortion Canons. One ATVS does 131 alpha damage, times 295rpm, for a total of 644dps, and 3,100-meter range. These weapons on paper are great, almost to good to be true. But distortion damage weapons are known to be buggy. And as I said earlier, for PVP I prefer Ballistics, and I found the BRVSs work well with the 557s. One BRVS does 61 alpha damage, times 290rpm, for a total of 295dps, and 2,200-meter range. Now I normally don't mix ammo types but since the nose guns have half the range of the big ass under nose gun you should only be firing both while in close range and through my testing, it worked well. And I didn't have a pip convergence issue. An honorable mention would be the GVSRs for PVE due to infinite ammo. One BRVS will cost around 9000auec and can be found at these locations.

The manned turret totes 2 size 2 Suckerpunch-L distortion cannons. One Suckerpunch-L does 551 alpha damage, times 84rpm, for a total of 771dps, and 2,500-meter range. Again this looks heaven sent but... they'll have to go for now. I want good range and shield penetration because the pilot will be deleting foes from existence before they get within range of the turrets size 2 weapons. So I've chosen strife mass drivers. One Mass Driver does 230 alpha damage, times 63rpm, for a total of 242dps, and 2,500-meter range. If your worried about ammo the size 2 CF series will do fine, but this may cause power issues so be careful. One Mass Driver will cost around 14,000auec and can be found at these locations.

Inside the Fuselage we have 2 bespoke Missile racks each with 4 size 2 missiles, One with 4 Ignite IIs, and one with 4 Dominator IIs. The way missiles are behaving right now and how they will behave in some 3.11 leaks I've seen, I'd go for the quickest lock time. That would be Rattler IIs. One Rattler II, does 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m lock range. If you prefer more damage an honorable mention would be StrikeForce II's.

Also underneath we have 2 MSD-423 Missile Racks with 2 Arrester IIIs. Stepping up to this size missile give us a lot more range, but doesn't do much more damage. So instead I'll add some MSD-442 Missile racks and equip them with Rattler II's. This is great for alot of reasons. There is only one missile type so there is no confusion what your firing, you'll have a quick lock time, and rattlers temporarily blind your enemy, and now we have 16 of them! If you'd like to take advantage of that extra range. Adding either 2 Thunderbolt III's, or 1 Dragon IV could be viable options as well, provided that counter measures are fixed very soon with 3.11 around the corner.

If you don't have a whopping 538,000 aUEC for this build I would buy them in the following order. Note if you don't upgrade the coolers you can save yourself over 100,000 aUEC. The most important things here are the weapons and shields, followed by the stealth power plants, upgrading any more is not a necessity.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. While a full stealth build in a vanguard will not allow you to stay undetected and attack from outside of your detection range, it can give your enemies less time to prepare for an attack if your PVPing. The stock components are stealthy but with stealh in such a large ship you need to go big or go home. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Eclipse power plants from the main build, throw on the Industrial Grade 3 Cool Core coolers (You could go nightfalls as well), add 2 Stealth grade 1 Umbra Shield Generators, unless you have sukorans (it could be benefitial to add at least 1), And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. Now for the weapons its less cut and dry. For stealth id prefer long range ballistic weapons. They penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse. Unfortunately once again there aren't any size 5 weapons that fit this description. The deadbolts appear to have a overheat bug. So we'll go gimballed once again. We'll add a gimballed revenant ballistic gatling under the nose and add the BRVS in the nose. As for the turret the mass drivers I recommended before will do fine.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Vanguard Sentinel after 30 min of flying around is around 7,500 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,750 and 5,625m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build much but it can be fun to try out.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Sentinel, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. My full review of the Aegis Vanguard Sentinel will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. I went live on twitch just before releasing this video, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel Review,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel Loadout, Star Citizen,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel Star Citizen,Star Citizen Aegis Vanguard Sentinel,star citizen Aegis Vanguard Sentinel review,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel 3.10,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel tour,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel Walkthrough,Aegis Vanguard Sentinel ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Aegis,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Aegis Vanguard Sentinel

### description
Aegis Vanguard Sentinel Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #AegisVanguard Sentinel in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/AegisVanguardSentinelLoadout
