# Aegis Vanguard Warden
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Aegis Vanguard Warden, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Aegis Vanguard Warden, our primary build has a focus on PVP, Although I will give my recommendations for PVE as well. My full review of the Vanguard Warden will be coming soon so make sure your not one of the 60% of viewers that aren't subscribed. I went live on twitch just before releasing this guide, Come over and give me your thoughts on the Vanguard Warden and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Aegis A3G Vanguard Warden is a long-range military fighter which features extensive forward-mounted weaponry designed to tear through the shields and armor of other spacecraft. And today, were going to load it out to do that. I'll also briefly cover stealth.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plants on the Vanguard Warden is the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, Maelstrom. Since we have 2 powerplants we should go for either stealth or request time fortunately enough the Eclipse is the best at both. Its grade 1, Stealth Class, has over 5,300 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We will loose a significant amount of max power draw but we don't need it and we'll reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. Check out my power plant guide that explains why I've made this decision. The Eclipse will set you back around 75,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Vanguard Warden are the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, Arctic Coolers. I can't stress this enough you do not NEED to upgrade these. However if you want the absolute best performance that not worth the cost, I recommend adding Cool Cores, they are Grade 3, Industrial Class, with a cooling rate of 8000kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 10 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 2.5 seconds and slightly reducing your stealth signature. To find out why upgrading this is solely for EMP recovery, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout this guide on coolers. 1 Cool Core will cost you 60,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Vanguard Warden's stock shield generators are the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, FullStop Shield Generators. To have a good balance between hp pool and regen rate, ill adding a couple of FR-76s they are, grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of almost 25,000, a 310hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and an 7.5s draw request time. This will raise your overall shield pool, regen rate, and lower your regen delay, a win win. If you'd like more shield pool at a slower regen rate an honorable mention would be to pair the FR-76 with a Rampart. One FR-76 will set you back over 38,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

It should be noted that there is a better shield combo in my opinion. Pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken down completely before for ballistics to damage the hull, from that shield generator or completely if you are fortunate enough to have 2. The upside is unparalleled shield pool and pretty good Stealth, the downside is a terrible regen rate. However you can adapt your playstyle, you will just need to ensure you take your enemy out before your sheilds go down completely because once they do, that's all she wrote. Unfortunately if you don't own either the Defender or Prowler, there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Vanguard Warden is the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, Crossfield. This is another component that does not need to be upgraded, this is the best stock QT drive you can have, However if you want to save 20 seconds off a jump across the system, I recommend using the XL1. The XL1 is Grade 1, Military Class, has a 260Mm/s quantum speed, a 24/Mm fuel requirement, a 1.75sec second Spool Up and a 22.86sec cooldown time. This drive is the fastest Size 2 drive, and can almost make a trip from one end of the System to the other. The XL1 will run you almost 95,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, we have a community of over 1,500 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the nose the Vanguard Warden is equipped with a size 5 Hardpoint. With a Gimballed Size 4 Revenant Ballistic Gatling mounted. One Revenant does 31 alpha damage, times 1300rpm, for a total of 672dps, and a 3,700-meter range. I love this weapon on most ships, for PVP I do prefer ballistics, however there aren't any good ballistic weapons in size 5, and I really want the range that they give. So I'll be adding the big ass CF-557 Galdereen Laser Repeater. One Gladereen does 264 alpha damage, times 225rpm, for a total of 990dps, and a 4,700-meter range. These absolutely shred and with their range targets are dead before you know what you killed. An honorable mention would be attritions, I found my TTK was slightly lower with the CF-Series but I recommend trying out the Attrition 5 due to its overwhelming love from the community. One Galdereen will run you 32,000aUEC and can be found at these locations.

Inside the nose we have the 4 bespoke MVSA Laser Canons. One MVSA does 183 alpha damage, times 75rpm, for a total of 229dps, and 2,000-meter range. As I said earlier, for PVP I prefer Ballistics, and I found the BVRSs work well with the 557s. One BVRS does 61 alpha damage, times 290rpm, for a total of 295dps, and 2,200-meter range. Now I normally don't mix ammo types but since the nose guns have half the range of the big ass under nose gun you should only be firing both while in close range and through my testing, it worked well. An honorable mention would be the GVSRs for PVE. One BVRS will cost around 9000auec and can be found at these locations.

The manned turret totes 2 size 2 SW16BR2 Sawbuck ballistic repeaters. One Sawbuck does 64 alpha damage, times 280rpm, for a total of 299dps, and 2,100-meter range. I hate these, I want good range and shield penetration because the pilot will be deleting foes from existence before they get within range. So I've chosen strife mass drivers. One Mass Driver does 230 alpha damage, times 63rpm, for a total of 242dps, and 2,500-meter range. If your worried about ammo the size 2 CF series will do fine. One Mass Driver will cost around 14,000auec and can be found at these locations.

Inside the Fuselage we have 2 bespoke Missile racks each with 4 size 2 missiles, One with 4 Ignite IIs, and one with 4 Dominator IIs. The way missiles are behaving right now id go for the most damage or quickest lock time. Since this is for PVP id go for the quick lock time. That would be Rattler IIs. One Rattler II, does 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m lock range. If you prefer more damage an honorable mention would be StrikeForce II's.

Also underneath we have 2 MSD-423 Missile Racks with 2 Arrester IIIs. But honestly stepping up to this size missile doesn't give us more damage just double the range. So instead I'll add some MSD-442 Missile racks and equip them with Rattler II's. This is great for alot of reasons. There is only one missile type so there is no confusion what your firing, quick lock time, and rattlers temporarily blind your enemy, and now we have 16 of them! If you'd like to take advantage of that extra range. Adding either 2 Thunderbolt III's, or 1 Dragon IV could be viable options considering countermeasures are currently broken.

If you don't have a whopping 538,000 aUEC for this build I would buy them in the following order. Note if you don't upgrade the coolers you can save yourself over 100,000 aUEC. Since the vanguard series has military grade components the stock loadout will not limit you in any significant way. The most important things here are the weapons and shields, followed by the stealth power plants, upgrading any more is not necessary.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. While a full stealth build in a vanguard will not allow you to attack outside of your detection range it can give your enemies less time to prepare for an attack if your PVPing. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Eclipse power plants from the main build, throw on the Industrial Grade 3 Cool Core coolers, ad 2 Stealth grade 1 Umbra Shield Generators, unless you have sukorans, And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. I think that's pretty simple. Now for the weapons its less cut and dry. For stealth id prefer long range ballistic weapons. They penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse. Unfortunately once again there aren't any size 5 weapons that fit this description. The deadbolts appear to have a overheat bug. So we'll go gimballed once again. We'll add back the stock revenant under the nose and keep the BVRS in the nose. As for the turret the mass drivers I recommended before will do fine.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Vanguard Warden after 30 min of flying around is around 7,500 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,750 and 5,625m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build much but it can be fun to try out.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Warden, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. My full review of the Aegis Vanguard Warden will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. I went live on twitch just before releasing this video, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to straight up donations. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support makes this channel possible. If not your viewership, liking, and subscribing is greatly appreciated. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Aegis Vanguard Warden,Aegis Vanguard Warden Review,Aegis Vanguard Warden Loadout, Star Citizen,Aegis Vanguard Warden Star Citizen,Star Citizen Aegis Vanguard Warden,star citizen Aegis Vanguard Warden review,Aegis Vanguard Warden 3.10,Aegis Vanguard Warden tour,Aegis Vanguard Warden Walkthrough,Aegis Vanguard Warden ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Aegis,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Aegis Vanguard Warden

### description
Aegis Vanguard Warden Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #AegisVanguard Warden in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/AegisVanguardWardenLoadout
