# Anvil Hawk
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Anvil Hawk, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Special thanks for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members, it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated. You ask and you shall receive. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Anvil Hawk, our primary build is Multi-Purpose but well also cover PVE, PVP and Stealth options. My full review of the Hawk will be coming soon so make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked. I'm live right now! Head over to twitch to hang out and give me your thoughts on the Hawk and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Anvil U9C Hawk is a civilian light fighter with an emphasis on weaponry and bounty hunting. It boasts an impressive arsenal of lethal and non-lethal weapons. But were going to take that non lethal shit off. The best use of the Hawk in the games current state is as a PVE or PVP bounty hunting ship. And today, were going to load it out with a multi purpose roll to Excel at. Despite having so many guns I was able to compile a power and cooling efficient stealth build, although you wont be able to use your EMP while firing, well cover that after the primary build.

### Components
Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Hawk is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Regulus, with over 2,100 max power draw per second and a 13.75sec draw request time. This stock powerplant will not be able to handle a full energy build so we'll need to add the trusty JS-300. Its grade 1,  Military Class, has almost 3,700 max power generation/sec and a 10s draw request time. This will add over 1500 max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw by almost 4 seconds. One important thing to note is that if you plan on overclocking your weapons you will likely need to use a Breton, as even the JS-300 is barely enough for the hawk. For more insight on powerplants check out my power plant guide. The JS-300 will set you back around 20,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (To find out why upgrading this has no purpose other than shaving .7 seconds off your EMP recover time check out my power plant guide.)

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Hawk are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers with a max cooling rate of 260kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 12.5 seconds. These coolers have more than enough cooling capacity but have a long request time. You can certainly keep these if you are low on aUEC, they are good enough. If you want to have the best EMP recovery time I recommend adding Zero Rush's, they are Grade 2, Competition Class, with a cooling rate of 230kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 3 seconds, these offer less capacity but can get to that full capacity in just 3 seconds. To find out why upgrading this is solely for EMP recovery, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout this guide on coolers. One Zero Rush will set you back over 16,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Before we get to the shields. Make sure you check out the link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. And Remember to head over to the Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. We have a community of over 1,400 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Link in the Description.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Hawk's stock shield generators are the Size 1, grade 3, Military Class, AllStop Shield Generators with an HP pool of 5,400, a 270hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 5.25s dmg delay, a 7.5s dwn delay, and a 12s draw request time. For the Hawk I have decided to use a split shield combination, An FR-66 is a great all-round choice. A FR-66 is grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of over 6,000, a 306hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 3.85s dmg delay, a 5.5s dwn delay, and an 10s draw request time.
And for its excellent regen rate ill pair it with a Mirage, A Mirage is grade 1, Stealth Class, with an HP pool of just over 3,000, a 342hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 2.14s dmg delay, a 14s dwn delay, and an 3s draw request time. The hawk is one of few ships nimble enough to benefit from this combo and is designed for you to be able to hit recover reasonably quickly and hit again. The shields in Star Citizen have alot of depth. I'd use a Guardian and Mirage for PVP specifically and in some PVE situations where you need a large shield pool Dual FR-66s would be great, but you may need to upgrade to the breton. One FR-66 & Mirage will set you back over 47,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (It should be noted that there is a better shield combo in my opinion. If you own either a Banu Defender or Esperia Prowler pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran from those ships is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken completely down before you can take hull damage. Unfortunately if you don't own either of these ships there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.

This will give you 700 more shield pool, and is quicker across the board with regen, downed, and damage delays.)

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Hawk is the size 1, grade 3, Civilian Class, Rush, with a 159Mm/s quantum speed, an 10.7/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.5s spool up, and a 12s cooldown time. This drive isn't terrible but it cant make a trip from one end of the system to the other. I recommend using the Atlas. The Atlas is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm per second quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. This drive is one of the fastest drives that can make a trip from one end of the System to the other. The Atlas will run you almost 18,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (In the games current state, I only need to be able to make a trip from PO to MicroTech without needing to refuel.)

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the Hawk is equipped with 2 Fixed size 1 weapon hardpoints under the nose. It has a Size 1 Suckerpunch Distortion Canon mounted. One Suckerpunch does 331 alpha damage, times 93rpm, for a total of 513dps, and a short 1,300-meter range. Since disabling a ship and taking a warm bounty isn't yet possible I'll set these aside. The Hawk is certainly nimble enough for fixed, and since its quick lets add NDB-26 Neutron Repeaters. One NDB-26 does 79 alpha damage, times 180rpm, for a total of 236dps, and a 1,300-meter range. These have a short range, however the hawk is capable is getting in there and avoiding fire. One NDB-26 will run you 4,400aUEC each and can be found at these locations.

Above and below each wing it is equipped with 4 size 2 weapon hardpoints. Each has a Fixed Size 2 M4A laser Auto Canon. One M4A does 183 alpha damage, times 75rpm, for a total of 529dps, and 2,000-meter range. These actually aren't terrible but were going with the up-close and personal theme. I'll be adding the size 3 Neutron Repeaters. One NDB-28 does 126 alpha damage, times 170rpm, for a total of 356dps, and a 1,300-meter range as well. These are great for PVE due to infinite ammo and not bad for PVP as well. But if you are looking to specifically PVP id recommend using GT series Gatlings all around. They will penetrate through shields much better than energy weapons and ammo shouldn't be a concern if you are PVPing as you will probably need to repair after a fight anyway. Some other fun weapons are my usual CF-series for PVE and if you planning on fighting larger ships using Ballistic Scatterguns are a lot of fun.

[comment]: # (Tucked inside the wing we have 2 MSD-212 Missile Racks with 1 Ignite II each. One Ignite II Is size 2, Infrared, does 3,700 damage, has a 1.5s lock time, and a 5,600m lock range. I usually prefer crosssection so I'll add StrikeForce IIs. One StrikeForce II is Size 2, does 3,800 damage, has a 2.4s lock time, and a 4,800m lock range. For PVP id recommend adding Rattler II's  due to their incredibly quick lock time and temporary blindness.)

If you don't have about 156,000 aUEC for the full primary build I would buy them in the following order. The most important thing here are the weapons, but you cant upgrade those without enough power.

### Stealth
Lets talk about stealth. Going stealth in the Hawk is problematic. Simply because having so many weapons and an EMP requires so much power, and emits so much energy. Picking Components is pretty easy. I'll strap on the Stealth Grade Slipstream Power Plant, Drop in a couple of Stealth Grade 1 Mirage Shield generators (These have great regen rate but terrible shield pool), Throw in some zero rushes, not going stealth here instead focusing on EMP recover time, And lastly id use the same Atlas QT drive. That was all pretty straight forward. Now for the weapons. I decided on Tarantula Ballistic Cannons all around. I honestly didn't have much of a choice here as a full gatling loadout would be more than a stealth power plant can handle.

Lets take a look at some stats. Your resting IR in the Hawk is around 6,000 with the same build running similar energy emitting scatterguns instead. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,000 and 4500m if your not using afterburner or charging your EMP. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. With a weapon range of around 2,300 you certainly wont be sneaking up on anyone. And considering the Hawk is a Glass Cannon this will be my least used build.

### Outro
Those are my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the Anvil Hawk will be coming shortly, so make sure you are subscribed and have the bell clicked. Don't forget I'm live on twitch right now, like RIGHT NOW, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 You can follow me on Twitch I go live after almost every YouTube release, Twitch Prime Subs help support the channel #5 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Anvil Hawk,Anvil Hawk Review,Anvil Hawk Loadout, Star Citizen,Anvil Hawk Star Citizen,Star Citizen Anvil Hawk,star citizen Anvil Hawk review,Anvil Hawk 3.10,Anvil Hawk tour,Anvil Hawk Walkthrough,Anvil Hawk ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Anvil,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Anvil Hawk
