# Anvil Hurricane
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Anvil Hurricane, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Special thanks for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members, it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Anvil Hurricane our primary build is PVE but well also cover PVP and Stealth. My full review of the Hurricane will be coming soon so make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked. I'm live right now! Head over to twitch to hang out and give me your thoughts on the Hurricane and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Anvil A4A Hurricane is a fighting spacecraft that packs a deadly punch into a light fuselage. The spacecraft compensates for its lack of creature comforts with its powerful armament: Two size 4 Pilot and 4 size 3 Turret mounted guns capable of blasting their way through nearly anything. The best use of the Hurricane in the games current state is an all around duo combat ship. And today, were going to load it out to Excel at just that. Despite having so many guns I was able to compile a power and cooling efficient stealth build, although our weapon choices are limited, well cover that after the primary build.

### Components
Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Hurricane is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Regulus, with over 2,100 max power draw per second and a 13.75sec draw request time. This stock powerplant was of for a ballistic build but since our primary build is energy we'll need to add the trusty JS-300. Its grade 1,  Military Class, has almost 3,700 max power generation/sec and a 10s draw request time. This will add over 1500 max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw by almost 4 seconds. For more insight on powerplants check out my power plant guide. The JS-300 will set you back around 20,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (To find out why upgrading this has no purpose other than shaving .7 seconds off your EMP recover time check out my power plant guide.)

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Hurricane are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers with a max cooling rate of 260kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 12.5 seconds. These coolers have more than enough cooling capacity but have a long request time. You can certainly keep these if you are low on aUEC, they are good enough. If you want to have the best EMP recovery time I recommend adding Zero Rush's, they are Grade 2, Competition Class, with a cooling rate of 230kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 3 seconds, these offer less capacity but can get to that full capacity in just 3 seconds. To find out why upgrading this is solely for EMP recovery, or for an explanation on how kilo per second isn't a unit of measurement, checkout this guide on coolers. One Zero Rush will set you back over 16,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Before we get to the shields. Make sure you check out the link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. And Remember to head over to the Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. We have a community of almost 1,400 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Link in the Description.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Hurricane's stock shield generators are the Size 1, grade 3, Military Class, AllStop Shield Generators with an HP pool of 5,400, a 270hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 5.25s dmg delay, a 7.5s dwn delay, and a 12s draw request time. AllStops are Military class, but the FR-66s outperform them in every way. An FR-66 is grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of over 6,000, a 306hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 3.85s dmg delay, a 5.5s dwn delay, and an 10s draw request time. This will give you 700 more shield pool, and is quicker across the board with regen, downed, and damage delays. A win-win over the stock loadout. The shields in Star Citizen have alot of depth. I'd pair the FR-66 with a Guardian for PVP I do not recommend pairing with a mirage because this is a glass cannon we're talking about here. One FR-66 will set you back over 18,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (It should be noted that there is a better shield combo in my opinion. If you own either a Banu Defender or Esperia Prowler pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran from those ships is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken completely down before you can take hull damage. Unfortunately if you don't own either of these ships there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.)

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Hurricane is the size 1, grade 3, Civilian Class, Expedition, with a 138Mm/s quantum speed, an 9.8/Mm fuel requirement, a 5s spool up, and a 10s cooldown time. This drive isn't terrible and id keep it if your tight on aUEC. If you have the doe I recommend using the Atlas. The Atlas is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm per second quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. This drive is one of the fastest drives that can make a trip from one end of the System to the other. The Atlas will run you almost 18,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (In the games current state, I only need to be able to make a trip from PO to MicroTech without needing to refuel.)

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. The Hurricane is equipped with 2 Gimballed size 4 weapon hardpoints on the nose. Each gimbal has a Size 3 Predator Ballistic Scattergun. One Predator does 910 alpha damage, times 80rpm, for a total of 1213dps, and a short 1,500-meter range. Not sure why someone would rock such close range weapons on a glass cannon so I'll set these aside. The Hurricane is nimble enough for fixed, so lets add the CF-447 Rhino Laser Repeaters. One Rhino does 159 alpha damage, times 250rpm, for a total of 660dps, and a very long 4,000-meter range. These are my go-to weapons for PVE. For PVP id still keep these, we'll talk more about why in a sec. One Rhino will run you over 22,000aUEC each and can be found at these locations.

Now for the big daddy turret. It is equipped with 4 size 3 weapon hardpoints. Each has a Size 3 11-series Broadsword. One Broadsword does 255 alpha damage, times 81rpm, for a total of 344dps, and 2,600-meter range. These aren't going to work for us. I'll be adding the little brothers of the pilot weapons the CF-337 Panther laser repeaters. One Panther does 96 alpha damage, times 275rpm, for a total of 440dps, and a kind of short 2,100-meter range. These are great for PVE due to infinite ammo. But for PVP we want to go with the best and id recommend adding Mantis GT-220s. These will pair well with the pilots Rhinos 4,000 meter range. The strategy is simple the pilot does lots of damage to shields The shields will be on their way to being downed by the time the mantis's 2,400 meter range becomes effective at close range. If the assailant survives a first strafe they will be an easy take down for either the pilot or turret gunner.

Tucked inside the wing we have 2 MSD-212 Missile Racks with 1 Ignite II each. One Ignite II Is size 2, Infrared, does 3,700 damage, has a 1.5s lock time, and a 5,600m lock range. I usually prefer crosssection so I'll add StrikeForce IIs. One StrikeForce II is Size 2, does 3,800 damage, has a 2.4s lock time, and a 4,800m lock range. For PVP id recommend adding Rattler II's  due to their incredibly quick lock time and temporary blindness.

### Debriefing
If you don't have about 180,000 aUEC for the full primary build I would buy them in the following order. The most important thing here are the weapons, but you cant upgrade those without enough power or cooling. One thing that I want to mention is the pilots roll in all this. The turret does most of the close range DPS so if you are piloting this thing know your turrets effective range and make sure they have a good shot when they are able to fire. Also paying attention to the shields capacity is important because multiple lives are at risk here.

### Stealth
Lets talk about stealth. Going stealth in the Hurricane is a problem. Simply because having so many weapons requires so much cooling and power. Picking Components is pretty easy. I'll strap on the Stealth Grade Slipstream Power Plant, Drop in a couple of Stealth Grade 1 Mirage Shield generators (These have great regen rate but terrible shield pool), Throw in some zero rushes, not going stealth here instead focusing on EMP recover time, And lastly id use the same Atlas QT drive, You could use the Spectre stealth drive but you'll loose significant range. That was all pretty straight forward. Now for the weapons. I decided on C-788 Combine Ballistic Cannons for the Pilot and Tarantula GT-870s for the Turret Gunner. Ballistic cannons are great for range and these each have around 3100 meter of range so there is no difference on how soon either can fire. Plus you can just pull the Tarantulas off of your Free Lancer. In my opinion the only reason to go stealth in the Hurricane is to sneak up on player bounties, for this reason, having a limited ammo count is no biggie as stopping off to rearm and refuel, will be necessary after a fight. 

Lets take a look at some stats. Your resting IR in the Hurricane is around 9,000 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 4,500 and 6750m if your just sitting. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. With a weapon range of around 3,100 you certainly wont be sneaking up on anyone. For this reason this will be my least used build for the hurricane.

### Outro
Those are my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the Anvil Hurricane will be coming shortly, so make sure you are subscribed and have the bell clicked. Don't forget I'm live on twitch right now, like RIGHT NOW, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 You can follow me on Twitch I go live after almost every YouTube release, Twitch Prime Subs help support the channel #5 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Anvil Hurricane,Anvil Hurricane Review,Anvil Hurricane Loadout, Star Citizen,Anvil Hurricane Star Citizen,Star Citizen Anvil Hurricane,star citizen Anvil Hurricane review,Anvil Hurricane 3.9,Anvil Hurricane tour,Anvil Hurricane Walkthrough,Anvil Hurricane ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Anvil,3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Anvil Hurricane
