# Anvil Gladiator
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Anvil Gladiator, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Anvil Gladiator, our primary build is Stealth but ill be giving standard recommendations as well. My full review of the Gladiator will be coming soon so make sure your not one of the 60% of viewers that aren't subscribed. I go live on twitch just before every YouTube Release, Come over and give me your thoughts on the Gladiator and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The T8A Gladiators were originally developed to bridge the gap between fighters and bombers for the military. The best use of the Gladiator in the games current state is a stealth PVP bounty hunting ship. And today, were going to load it out to Excel at. I'll also be giving honorable mentions for a non stealth loadout.

### Components
Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Gladiator is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Regulus, with over 2,100 max power draw per second a 13.75sec draw request time, and a 3.78 EM and IR signature. As I said earlier were going stealth so ill be adding the Slipstream. Its grade 1, Stealth Class, has almost 1,800 max power generation/sec a super quick 1.25s draw request time, and just .63 EM IR signature. We will loose 367 max power draw but reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds, and reduce our signature by 3.15. For more insight on powerplants check out my power plant guide. The Slipstream will set you back around 19,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (To find out why upgrading this has no purpose other than shaving .7 seconds off your EMP recover time check out my power plant guide.)

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Gladiator are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers with a max cooling rate of 260kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 12.5 seconds. These coolers have more than enough cooling capacity but have a long request time. You can certainly keep these if you are low on aUEC, they are good enough. If you want to have the best EMP recovery time I recommend adding Zero Rush's, they are Grade 2, Competition Class, with a cooling rate of 230kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 3 seconds, these offer less capacity but can get to that full capacity in just 3 seconds. I chose not to go stealth here because the difference in IR is minimal. To find out why upgrading this is solely for EMP recovery, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout this guide on coolers. One Zero Rush will set you back over 16,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Before we get to the shields. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. And Remember to head over to the Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. We have a community of almost 1,500 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Link in the Description.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Gladiator's stock shield generators are the Size 1, grade 3, Military Class, AllStop Shield Generators with an HP pool of 5,400, a 270hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 5.25s dmg delay, a 7.5s dwn delay, and a 12s draw request time. For stealth there is really only 1 shield you want and that's the Mirage. A Mirage is grade 1, Stealth Class, with an HP pool of over 3,000, a 342hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 2.14s dmg delay, a 14s dwn delay, and an 3s draw request time. This will significantly reduce your shield pool, but it is quicker across the board with regen rate, downed, damage delays, and has a significant EM IR reduction, Stealth would not be possible without this. One Mirage will set you back almost 29,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: # (It should be noted that there is a better shield combo in my opinion. If you own either a Banu Defender or Esperia Prowler pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran from those ships is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken completely down before you can take hull damage. Unfortunately if you don't own either of these ships there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.
The shields in Star Citizen have a lot of depth. I'd use a Guardian and Mirage for PVP specifically and in some PVE situations where you need a large shield pool Dual FR-66s would be great, but you may need to upgrade to the breton.)

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Gladiator is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Beacon, with a 253Mm/s quantum speed, an 18.6/Mm fuel requirement, a 2.25s spool up, and a 12s cooldown time. This drive isn't terrible but it cant make a trip from one end of the system to the other. I recommend using the Atlas. The Atlas is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm per second quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. This drive is one of the fastest drives that can make a trip from one end of the System to the other. The Atlas will run you almost 18,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the Gladiator is equipped with 2 Pilot Controlled, Fixed size 3 weapon hardpoints under the wings. With a Size 3 Mantis GT-220 mounted. One mantis does 29 alpha damage, times 1000rpm, for a total of 480dps, and a 2,400-meter range. As you are well aware I like these guns but not on this ship. I want to keep my enemies as far away from me as I can, while keeping my signature down. So we'll add a couple of Tarantula GT-870 Mark 3s One Mark 3 does 294 alpha damage, times 80rpm, for a total of 392dps, and a 3,100-meter range. One Mark 3 will run you 29,000aUEC each and can be found at these locations.

Above and behind the cockpit we have at turret with a pair of CF-337 Panther Laser Repeaters. One Panther does 96 alpha damage, times 275rpm, for a total of 440dps, and 2,100-meter range. Again, love these guns for PVE, however they require too much power and generate a much higher signature. So ill be adding a pair of Mark 3s to match the pilot. Just an FYI these weapons can be removed from the free freelancer everyone gets so you don't even need to buy them.

Under each wing we have 2 MSD-322 Missile Racks, One with 2 Ignite IIs, and one with 2 Tempest IIs. Honestly with the way missiles are behaving right now these will do just fine. But if you have some StrikeForce IIs available from my previous builds, id prefer those. One StrikeForce II is Size 2, does 3,800 damage, has a 2.4s lock time, and a 4,800m lock range. Another highly recommended honorable mention would be Rattler II's due to their incredibly quick lock time and temporary blindness.)

Now for the big daddy missiles or torps, not sure what to call them. Underneath in the missile bay we have 4 size 5 stalker 5s. One Stalker 5 is Size 5, does almost 8,900 damage, has a 7s lock time, and a 31,000m lock range. These are the only size 5 cross section missiles so I will keep these. Another highly honorable mention would be the Scimitar V's with half the lock time and slightly more range at the cost of its damage output.

If you don't have about 240,000 aUEC for this build I would buy them in the following order. The most important things here are the stealth components, followed by the weapons.

### Stealth
Before we talk about stealth stats lets quickly cover not going stealth. Not going stealth in the Gladiator is not recommended, my first impressions are its squishy and requires a turret gunner to be anything more than laughable. But if you want to try it anyway, use my regular build. Strap on the Military Grade JS-300 Power Plant, Drop in a couple of Military Grade 1 FR-66 Shield generators, Throw in some zero rushes for quicker EMP recover time, And lastly id use the same Atlas QT drive. Now for the weapons, id go CF-337s for PVE or Mantis GT-220s for PVP. Again this isn't recommended, If you have a person available to man a turret the Hurricane is a better duo fighter ship, I just did a guide on it recently.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your resting IR in the Gladiator is around 5,000 with the stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 2,500 and 3,750m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. With missile range of 31,000 your limiting factor will be your enemies detection range, If you can detect and missile lock them fire away. These missiles are strong enough to take out most light fighters with one Missile or 2 or more for larger ships like the freelancer. I think this goes without being said this build is extremely squishy and you should avoid a straight up fight at all costs.

### Outro
I hope you damn dirty missile throwing apes enjoyed my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the Anvil Gladiator will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. Remember I'm go live on twitch after every YouTube Release, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "Vessels of the Verse" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 You can follow me on Twitch, Prime Subs help support the channel #5 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Anvil Gladiator,Anvil Gladiator Review,Anvil Gladiator Loadout, Star Citizen,Anvil Gladiator Star Citizen,Star Citizen Anvil Gladiator,star citizen Anvil Gladiator review,Anvil Gladiator 3.10,Anvil Gladiator tour,Anvil Gladiator Walkthrough,Anvil Gladiator ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Anvil,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Anvil Gladiator

### description
Anvil Gladiator Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #AnvilGladiator in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/AnvilGladiator
