# Esperia Glaive
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Esperia Glaive, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, Halloween 2020 is approaching and Star Citizen has taken to the festivities with an exclusive Vanduul Helmet, awarded for 50 Unique Player Kills in the PU. This can only be done while piloting the Esperia Glaive, and announced during the writing of this script it can also be done in the Gladius. Hi, I'm SubliminaL, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both Components and weapons, well not the Guns because they're hull locked. I will not be doing a full review of the glaive at this time. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Esperia Glaive is a symmetrical version of the Scythe reproduced for Human usage. Generally flown by Vanduul with more combat experience, they are better armed and have two huge blades/wings as opposed to one on the standard Scythe. And today we're going to be loading this out in assisting you in achieving as many player kills as you can. Stealth in the Glaive is... well not really possible so I wont be covering that.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Glaive is the size 1, grade 2, Military Class, Fierell Cascade. This power plant really isn't that bad, in fact its great, and doesn't need to be upgraded. However if you want to reduce the time it takes for your ship to power up from a cold start or EMP. I recommend adding an JS-300. It's grade 1, Military Class, has over 3,700 max power generation/sec and a fast 10s draw request time. We will gain max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 10 seconds. I usually recommend stealth class power plants however they cant power the glaives weapons. The Eclipse will set you back around 20,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Glaive are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers. This is another component you DO NOT NEED to upgrade. However if you want the absolute best performance that not worth the cost, I recommend adding Zero Rushes, they are Grade 2, Competition Class, with a cooling rate of 238kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 3 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 9 seconds but slightly lowering your cooling per second, however you don't need the extra. 1 Zero Rush will cost you 16,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations. To better understand Power Plants and Coolers, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout these guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming soon.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Glaive's stock shield generators are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, AllStop Shield Generators. This is another decent stock component. However we want to maximize our survivability, I like To have a good balance between hp pool and regen rate, so ill adding a couple of FR-66s. They are grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of over 6,100, a 306hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 3.85s dmg delay, a 5.5s dwn delay, and a 10s draw request time. This will raise your overall shield pool and regen rate, as well as lower your damage delay, down delay, request time and even your detection range. Its a win across the board. If you'd like more shield pool or find yourself fighting player using primarily Ballistic build, an honorable mention would be to pair the FR-66 with a Guardian. The guardian defects an extra 25% ballistic fire from that shield slot. One FR-66 will set you back over 18,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Glaive is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Beacon. This drive is actually pretty quick. And if you plan on staying around grimhex hoping to catch some players then maybe you could save the cost of upgrading. If you want a drive with a good balance between range and speed, I recommend using the Atlas. The Atlas is Grade 1, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm/s quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 8.7sec cooldown time. If you not ok with the extra spool up time I recommend keeping the beacon. The Atlas will run you almost 18,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, we have a community of almost 1,700 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts, Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. On the nose the Glaive is equipped with 2 size 1 Hardpoints. With fixed Size 1 WEAK Laser Canons mounted. One WEAK does 103 alpha damage, times 90rpm, for a total of 155dps, and a 1,500-meter range. So well it seems like they live up to the name. But don't fret.

In the Wings or the wings themselves, tote a massive Size 5 Wrath Plasma Laser Canon. One Wrath does 979 alpha damage, times 47rpm, for a total of 767dps, and 4,500-meter range. These certainly do live up to the name. Unfortunately the neither the WEAK's or WRATH's are interchangeable with other weapons so there is no ability to improve.

However under each wing we have a Vanduul Quad Missile rack, each with 4 size 2 bullet IIs, they each do 3,500 damage, have a 1.5s lock time, and a 5,700m lock range. These actually aren't bad, but with the new missile data implemented in 3.11 I'd go for the quickest lock time. That would be Rattler IIs. One Rattler II, does around 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m lock range. The rattlers also cause temporary blindness to your enemy.

If you don't have just over 100,000 aUEC for this build I would buy them in the following order. The most important things here are the Shields everything else isn't as important.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. While a full stealth build in a  will not allow you to stay undetected and attack from outside of your detection range, it can give your enemies less time to prepare for an attack if your PVPing. The stock components are stealthy but with stealh in such a large ship you need to go big or go home. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Eclipse power plants from the main build, throw on the Industrial Grade 3 Cool Core coolers (You could go nightfalls as well), add 2 Stealth grade 1 Umbra Shield Generators, unless you have sukorans (it could be benefitial to add at least 1), And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. Now for the weapons its less cut and dry. For stealth id prefer long range ballistic weapons. They penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse. Unfortunately once again there aren't any size 5 weapons that fit this description. The deadbolts appear to have a overheat bug. So we'll go gimballed once again. We'll add a gimballed revenant ballistic gatling under the nose and add the BRVS in the nose. As for the turret the mass drivers I recommended before will do fine.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Glaive after 30 min of flying around is around 7,500 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,750 and 5,625m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build much but it can be fun to try out.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Esperia Glaive, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Esperia Glaive,Esperia Glaive Review,Esperia Glaive Loadout, Star Citizen,Esperia Glaive Star Citizen,Star Citizen Esperia Glaive,star citizen Esperia Glaive review,Esperia Glaive 3.10,Esperia Glaive tour,Esperia Glaive Walkthrough,Esperia Glaive ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Esperia,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Esperia Glaive

### description
Esperia Glaive Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #EsperiaGlaive in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/EsperiaGlaiveLoadout
