# Esperia Talon
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Esperia Talon, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Esperia Talon, our primary build will be a mostly stealth PVE and PVP fighter. rew one that will excel at PVE and PVP if necessary. My loadout guide for the talon shrike and buyers guides for them  full review of the Talon will be coming soon so make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Talon is a courier ship by Esperia that is focused on quickly and discreetly delivering small payloads of goods or data. And today were going to load it out to excel at that as well as anything else that may happen in the verse. I'll also briefly cover stealth as well.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, that generates power for our weapons and components. The standard power plants on the Talon are the size 2, grade C, Industrial Class, Diligence's. When deciding on a power plant your priorities should be stealth or request time with max power generation being last. So ill be adding a couple of Eclipses. Thee are grade A, Stealth Class, have over 5,300 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We'll will loose a significant amount of max power draw, that we don't need, and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. I'm choosing the eclipse to reduce start up time and my detection range.

Let's discuss its coolers, these cool your weapons and components after they've overheated. The standard coolers on the Talon Talon are the size 2, grade C, Industrial Class, CoolCore Coolers. I can't stress this enough you DO NOT NEED to upgrade these. However if you want to lower your emissions at 0 cost to performance, I recommend adding NightFalls, they are Grade A, Stealth Class, with a cooling rate of 3,400kilos of Cooling/sec, and a draw request time of 15 seconds. By upgrading these you are slightly reducing your stealth signature, while slightly raising the time it take for your ship to power up. An honorable mention would be the stock CoolCores.

For a full explanation of how Power Plants and Coolers work, or for an explanation of what I mean when I say Kilo?Second, checkout my guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming soon.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Talon's stock shield generators are the size 2, grade C, Industrial Class, Aspis Shield Generators. I want to go for a semi tanky build but don't want to leave myself with a terrible recovery time, so ill adding an Umbra it is, grade 1, Stealth Class, with an HP pool of over 12,000, a 346hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, have a 0s dmg delay, a 21s dwn delay, and a 2.25s request time. And ill pair it with a Rampart it's, grade 1, Industrial Grade, with an HP pool of over 32,000, a 173hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, have a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 13.5s draw request time. This will actually lower our overall shield pool, however the Umbras regen will allow us to get enough health back quickly to get back into the fight. Running this build against the toughest PVE targets I seldom lost a shield facing. Another great shield to incorporate would be the all around great FR-76 with decent recover time and health pool.

It should be noted that there is another great shield combo in my opinion. Pairing one Umbra or FR-76 with a Sukoran is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken down completely for ballistics to damage the hull from that shield generator or completely if you are fortunate enough to have 2. The upside is unparalleled shield pool and pretty good Stealth, the downside is a terrible regen rate. However you can adapt your playstyle, you will just need to ensure you take your enemy out before your shields go down completely because if they do, it will take a long time for them to regen, for this reason I don't recommend dual Sukorans if you plan to PVP. Unfortunately if you don't own either the Banu Defender or Prowler, there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Talon is the size 2, grade C, Industrial Class, Bolon. And we have a saying around here on subliminals channel. "The BOLON stinks like COLON" This drive is terrible for the current state of the game. The Talon hands down has the best quantum fuel capacity of its class. Because of this I recommend the XL1. The XL1 is Grade 1, Military Class, has a 260Mm/s quantum speed, a 24/Mm fuel requirement, a 1.75sec second Spool Up and a 22.86sec cooldown time. The XL-1 is the fastest size 2 drive available, and with the MSRs quantum fuel tank it can make a round trip across the system three times and have some left to spare.

Conveniently, every component I recommend can be found at New Babbage. Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout on the DPS Calculator can be found via the link in the description. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, where we have a community of around 2,200 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts because this one WILL be obsolete at some point. Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the nose the Talon Talon is equipped with a gimballed pilot turret with 2 size 3 hardpoints. Holding a pair of CF-337 Laser Repeaters mounted. One CF-337 does 96 alpha damage, times 275rpm, for a total of 440dps, and a 2,100-meter range. I personally love these weapons but I have something that will excel greatly with the included gimbals and pair nicely with the turret weapons. For this I'll be adding the SuckerPunch XLs. One SuckerPunch XL does 906 Distortion alpha damage, times 75rpm, for a total of 1151dps, and a 2,900-meter range. Now hear me out, my strategy with these is to quickly finish off an enemies shields with these. Almost never missing a shot by the way with the gimbal assist. And then allowing my turret gunners to finish off the targets. If you plan on going solo try either the FL-33 laser canons or the stock panthers. These suckerpunches do absurd amounts of shield damage with splash damage, meaning when enemies take a hit it does damage to multiple shield facings. But wait there's more distortion cannons have the highest probability of disabling enemy coolers and causing their ship to shut down mid fight. But beware if you are using these solo they do not do hull damage so you will have to use a missile to finish off enemies.

Both manned turrets tote 2 size 3 CF-337 Panthers as well. As I said before I love these weapons so I prefer to keep them. An honorable mention would be the FL-33 Laser canons because of their superb range. For you solo pilots I would add the Sucker punches to 1 of these turrets instead of the nose incase you find an unexpected friend in the verse.

Inside the hull we have a cool missile delivery system with 2 Missile racks. One with an MSD-313 with 1 arrester III, and an MSD-322 with 2 Tempest II's. With the recent changes to missiles I prefer the quickest lock time. That would be Rattler IIs. One Rattler II, does 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m lock range. An honorable mention especially if your having issues with the rats is to use Ignite IIs. I have heard reports of the rattlers not hitting targets but I haven't really had the issue. Although to be honest I am not known to throw missiles. I prefer the IR missiles because if my targets coolers are malfunctioning due to distortion damage then its possible its rise in temperature can negate counter measures. For this reason IR missiles pair well with distortion weapons. And they generally have the quickest lock-times so win win.

As for the other size three missile, I'll actually keep that incase I want to do some damage to a PVE target. According to erkul you could remove this 313 missile rack and equip it with a 322 and get more size II missiles, that would be my honorable mention.

If you don't have a whopping 439,000 aUEC to buy this entire build all at once I would buy them in the following order. Note if you don't upgrade the coolers you can save yourself over 120,000 aUEC. The most important things here are the weapons and shields, followed by the stealth power plants, upgrading any more is not a necessity.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. Stealth in the MSR is well terrible. Regardless here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Eclipse power plants and Night Fall Coolers from the main build, add 2 Stealth grade 1 Umbra Shield Generators, unless you have sukorans (it could be beneficial to pair 1 with an umbra), And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. Now for the weapons its less cut and dry. Those sucker punches I keep talking about have a really low IR for some reason. So ill keep them. The EM is pretty bad but our IR will be our bottleneck. As for the turrets There are alot of viable weapons. Esperia makes the Light Strike III laser cannons that are stealthy and energy so ammo is no concern. There are the Tarantula Mark III ballistic canons, And finally Mantis GT-220 always preform great as well. Also there's the new Deadbolt III's by esperia but I wasn't able to get those to fire.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Talon after 30 min of flying around is around 8,500 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 4,250 and 6,375m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build much but it can be fun to try out.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Talon, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. My full review of the Talon will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Esperia Talon,Esperia Talon Review,Esperia Talon Loadout, Star Citizen,Esperia Talon Star Citizen,Star Citizen Esperia Talon,star citizen Esperia Talon review,Esperia Talon 3.10,Esperia Talon tour,Esperia Talon Walkthrough,Esperia Talon ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Crusader ,3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Esperia Talon

### description
Esperia Talon Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #Crusader Talon Talon in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/MercuryStarRunnerLoadout
