# Esperia Talon
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Esperia Talon Shrike, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Esperia Talon Shrike, our primary build will be a very stealthy PVP Damn Dirty Missile Throwing Ape Machine. My loadout guide for the regular talon has been released and buyers guides for each of them will be coming soon so make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Esperia Talon Shrike is a variant of the basic Talon strike craft with smaller weapons and more missiles. The Talon Shrike trades in its Size 4 hardpoints for Size 2 hardpoints, but has been modified with an internal missile bay carrying 24x Size 3 missiles. This loadout is going to keep you as stealthy as possible to surprise your enemies with a barrage of missile fire, and have enough firepower to finish off your target. I'll also briefly cover a full military grade A build that is the complete opposite of stealth for comparison.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, that generates power for our weapons and components. The standard power plant on the Shrike is the size 1, grade C, Stealth Class, SonicLite, this plant does not actually need to be upgraded for this build. But I want to be as stealthy as possible. So ill be adding a SlipStream. It's grade A, Stealth Class, has almost 1,800 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We'll will gain more than enough power for the rest of this build, and actually cut the signature emitted from the power plant in half.

Let's discuss its coolers, these cool your weapons and components after they've overheated. The standard coolers on the Shrike are the size 1, grade B, Civilian Class, FlashFreeze Coolers. I can't stress this enough you DO NOT NEED to upgrade these. However just as with the power plant I want to lower my emissions as much as possible, for this I recommend adding Snowblinds, they are Grade A, Stealth Class, with a cooling rate of 170kilos of Cooling/sec, and a draw request time of 7.5 seconds. By upgrading these we are actually reducing our cooling per second, but having extra gives 0 benefit to performance.

For a full explanation of how Power Plants and Coolers work, or for an explanation of what I mean when I say Kilo?Second, checkout my guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming SOON<sup>TM<sup>

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Shrikes's stock shield generators are the size 1, grade C, Military Class, Sukoran Shield Generators. Yeah, we have size 1 sukorans now, they were ok when 3.12 first hit live, but now they are useless in almost every way. If you don't know already these are the size  1 versions of the popular size 2 shield made my the tavarins. What makes them special is that they are 100% resistant to ballistic fire. Anyway I want to go for a complete stealth build, so ill be adding two stealth class mirages, a mirage is, grade 1, Stealth Class, with an HP pool of over 3,000, a 342hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 2.14s dmg delay, a 14s dwn delay, and a 3s request time. This will actually lower our overall shield pool, however the Mirages quick regen will be able to regenerate significantly quicker with its super quick damage delay, regen rate, and request time. An honorable mention would be to pair the mirage with a guardian or a FR-66 if you don't care about stealth.

[comment]: <> (It should be noted that there is another great shield combo in my opinion. Pairing one Umbra or FR-76 with a Sukoran is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken down completely for ballistics to damage the hull from that shield generator or completely if you are fortunate enough to have 2. The upside is unparalleled shield pool and pretty good Stealth, the downside is a terrible regen rate. However you can adapt your playstyle, you will just need to ensure you take your enemy out before your shields go down completely because if they do, it will take a long time for them to regen, for this reason I don't recommend dual Sukorans if you plan to PVP. Unfortunately if you don't own either the Banu Defender or Prowler, there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.)

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Shrike is the size 1, grade C, Stealth Class, Drift. This drive is pretty quick but it doesn't have enough range to make a trip across the system. As with every ship with 583 quantum fuel units I recommend adding an Atlas. The Atlas is Grade A, Civilian Class, has a 152Mm/s quantum speed, a 7.5/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.1sec second Spool Up and a 9sec cooldown time. The Atlas is one of the fastest size 1 drive that can make a trip across the system.

Almost every component I recommend can be found at New Babbage, with the atlas being the exception, you'll have to go to PO for that. Before we get to the weapons, we need talk about my loadout guides, recently due to changes in meta my video guides go obsolete as soon as days after release. My solution to the problem is to store my loadouts on my website SubliminalsChannel.tv. Over on the loadouts page is where you can find my most up-to-date loadouts and the date they were last modified. The loadout page itself includes the video guide, links to the #DPSCalculator loadout, the channel discord for further discussion, the build itself with context, and honorable mentions. There are only a few builds here now, new builds will be available after the release of the video guides, and older builds will be trickling in periodically.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the Shrike is equipped with two size 2 hardpoints. Holding a pair of gimballed Stealth LightStrike I Laser Canons. One LightStrike I does 95 alpha damage, times 99rpm, for a total of 157dps, and a 2,400-meter range. With the Shrikes agility we need to go fixed for sure, plus having size 1s is a joke. Through my testing I have found 2 favorite weapons. If you want to be as stealthy as possible and hit from range, I'd upgrade to fixed Lightstrike II's. One LightStrike II does 165 alpha damage, times 89rpm, for a total of 245dps, and a 2,400-meter range.
Another weapon set I recommend are the Scorpion GT-215s. Well because brrr. One Scorpion does 21 alpha damage, times 900rpm, for a total of 318dps, and a 2,200-meter range. Choosing between the 2 is tough. Its very satisfying and fairly simple with the shrikes nimbleness to hit with the canons, but missing shots could be an issue if you have trouble. As for the Scorpions they are very popular for a reason but remember high dps on paper is nothing if you are missing shots.

Inside the shrike we have 2 MSD-683 Missile racks. Each holding 12 Arrester III's. Yeah that's 24 size three missiles if you cant do the quick math. Look I'm gonna be honest guys I'm not sure what the missile meta is at the moment things keep changing and countermeasures are probably overpowered. On paper the Thunderbolt III's look good as they do more damage and can track at a further distance. I've been using these in my testing and they work well.

If you don't have around 148,000 aUEC to buy this entire build all at once I would buy them in the following order. The most important things here are the weapons and shields.

### Stealth
So we've covered a complete stealth build. This would be great for sneaking up on PVP bounties, but just for shits and giggles, lets try a military class build. We'll add the highly popular JS-300 Power Plant, add 2 Competition Class ZeroRush Coolers, add 2 FR-66 Shield Generators, And the ever popular Atlas Quantum Drive. Now for the weapons we'll go with one of my favorites the CF-227 Badger Laser Repeaters.

Lets take a look at its stealth signature with this military build. Our IR signature after the shrike finishes powering up is around 7,200 however its EM signature is about 8,500 so we have to use this for calculating our detection range. Depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,000 and 4,500m if your not using afterburner and firing your weapons. Firing your weapons seems to add about 1,500 more EM adding another 500 to 750 meters of detection range. Finally using afterburner or spacebrake completely negates stealth with an IR up to 18,000. Now just for reference lets check out my recommended build with stealth Components. This IR signature after the shrike finishes powering up is around 6,000. So it can be detected between 2100 and 3100 meters, firing weapons will add up to 1500 more IR or 500 - 800 signature, Finally using afterburner or spacebrake brings its IR up to 18,000 so stealth is futile. Just so were clear the only performance difference between this stealth build and the military one is the shields having significantly more health pool. Beefy coolers and power plants give 0 benefit to performance, so ill be sticking with the stealth one. With the shrikes essentially terrible weapon damage and strike range I want to be in full control of when I get seen.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Talon Shrike, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. My full review of the Talon and Shrike will be coming soon, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Esperia Talon,Esperia Talon Review,Esperia Talon Loadout, Star Citizen,Esperia Talon Star Citizen,Star Citizen Esperia Talon,star citizen Esperia Talon review,Esperia Talon 3.10,Esperia Talon tour,Esperia Talon Walkthrough,Esperia Talon ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Crusader ,3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Esperia Talon

### description
Esperia Talon Shrike Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #EsperiaTalonShrike in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/MercuryStarRunnerLoadout
