# Crusader Mercury Star Runner
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Crusader Industries Mercury Star Runner, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Crusader Mercury Star Runner, our primary build will be a multipurpose one that will excel at both PVP and PVE. My full review of the Star Runner Star Runner will be coming soon so make sure your not one of the 60% of viewers that aren't subscribed. I went live on twitch just before releasing this guide, Come over and give me your thoughts on the Mercury Star Runner and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
The Mercury Star Runner is a courier ship by Crusader Industries that is focused on quickly and discreetly delivering small payloads of goods or data. And today were going to load it out to excel at that as well as anything else that may happen in the verse. I'll also briefly cover stealth as well.

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, that generates power for our weapons and components. The standard power plants on the Star Runner Star Runner are the size 2, grade 3, Military Class, TurboDrives. When deciding on a power plant your priorities should be request time and stealth with max power generation being last. So ill be adding a couple of Eclipses. Thee are grade 1, Stealth Class, have over 5,300 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. Wel will loose a significant amount of max power draw, that we don't need, and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. If you find yourself slightly deviating from this build and it becomes power inefficient then pair 1 Eclipse with a JS-400. I'm choosing the eclipse to reduce power up time and my detection range.

Let's discuss its coolers, these cool your weapons and components after they've overheated. The standard coolers on the Star Runner Star Runner are the size 2, grade 2, military Class, Permafrost Coolers. I can't stress this enough you DO NOT NEED to upgrade these. However if you want the absolute best performance that is not worth the cost, I recommend adding Cool Cores, they are Grade 3, Industrial Class, with a cooling rate of 8000kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 10 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 2.5 seconds but slightly raising your stealth signature. An honorable mention would be the stealth Night Falls for their lower emissions.

For a full explanation of how Power Plants and Coolers work, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout my guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming soon.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Star Runner Star Runner's stock shield generators are the size 2, grade 4, Military Class, SecureShield Shield Generators. I want to go for a tanky build but don't want to leave myself with a terrible recovery time, so ill adding an FR-76 it is, grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of almost 25,000, a 310hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, have a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 7.5s draw request time. And ill pair it with a Rampart it's, grade 1, Industrial Grade, with an HP pool of over 32,000, a 173hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, have a 0s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 13.5s draw request time. This will significantly raise your overall shield pool, our regen rate wont be great but it wont be terrible either. If you'd like a quicker recovery time and a lot less emissions, at the cost of shield pool, an honorable mention would be to pair the FR-76 with a Umbra. Or for a more neutral build dual FR-76 aren't bad either.

It should be noted that there is another great shield combo in my opinion. Pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken down completely for ballistics to damage the hull, from that shield generator or completely if you are fortunate enough to have 2. The upside is unparalleled shield pool and pretty good Stealth, the downside is a terrible regen rate. However you can adapt your playstyle, you will just need to ensure you take your enemy out before your sheilds go down completely because once they do, that's all she wrote, for this reason I don't recommend dual Sukorans if you plan to PVP. Unfortunately if you don't own either the Defender or Prowler, there is no way to get access to the Sukoran.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Star Runner Star Runner is the size 2, grade 2, Military Class, Yeager. This drive is honestly really good, but there is a faster one. Although it is certainly not worth the money. But if you already have one I recommend using the XL1. The XL1 is Grade 1, Military Class, has a 260Mm/s quantum speed, a 24/Mm fuel requirement, a 1.75sec second Spool Up and a 22.86sec cooldown time. The XL-1 is the fastest size 2 drive available, and with the harbs quantum fuel tank it can make a trip across the system, and almost make it back.

With an exception of the Cool Cores all these components can be found at New Babbage. You'll need to stop by GrimHex or Area 18 for those. Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, where we have a community of around 1,800 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath the nose the Star Runner Star Runner is equipped with a size 5 Hardpoint. With a Gimballed Size 4 C-788 Combine Ballistic Cannon mounted. One C-788 does 731 alpha damage, times 53rpm, for a total of 646dps, and a 3,200-meter range. I think the Star Runner can certainly benefit from fixed. So I'll be adding the big ass Attrition-5 Laser Repeater. One Attrition does 206 alpha damage, times 270rpm, for a total of 927dps, and a 4,500-meter range. These absolutely shred and with their range targets are dead before you know what you killed. An honorable mention would be the CF-557 Galdereen, and honestly I cant make up my mind between which one of these weapons I like better, Just buy them both.

Inside the nose we have 4 bespoke CVSA Ballistic Canons. One CVSA does 225 alpha damage, times 80rpm, for a total of 300dps, and a 2,000-meter range. These canons have terrible range and we need much more to catch up to the size 5 on the nose. And as you may have heard distortion weapons seem to be working very well, even damaging coolers causing ships to overheat and shut down. So I'll ad 2 ATVSs. One ATVS does 131 alpha damage, times 295rpm, for a total of 644dps, and 3,100-meter range. And pair then with 2 GVSRs. One GVSR does 55 alpha damage, times 310rpm, for a total of 284dps, and 2,400-meter range. This build absolutely shreds shields and has enough DPS to quickly finish off the hull once shields are down. I've tried all distortions in the nose but felt my TTK was better with a mix.

The manned turret totes 2 size 3 Rocket Pod 9 rocket pods. One Rocket does 251 alpha damage, times 60rpm, for a total of 251dps, and 2,500-meter range. I'm going to go ahead and take the all the way the fuck off my ship. And since I'm loving this new distortion meta I'll be adding Suckerpunch-Ls. One Suckerpunch does 551 alpha damage, times 84rpm, for a total of 771dps, and 2,500-meter range. This distortion meta seems to lean toward distortion cannons being the most likely to damage a cooler and cause the ship to overheat and shut down. If your enemies manage to get past the pilots barrage and get close enough to this canon it will likely render them a sitting duck.

Inside the Fuselage we have 2 bespoke Missile racks each with 4 size 2 missiles, One with 4 Ignite IIs, and one with 4 Dominator IIs. With the recent changes to missiles I prefer the quickest lock time. That would be Rattler IIs. One Rattler II, does 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m lock range. An honorable mention especially if your having tracking issues with the rats is to use Ignite IIs

Also underneath we have 2 MSD-423 Missile Racks with 2 Arrester IIIs. Stepping up to this size missile give us a lot more range and tracking distance, but doesn't do much more damage. So instead I'll add some MSD-442 Missile racks and equip them with Rattler II's. This is great for a lot of reasons. There is only one missile type so there is no confusion what your firing, you'll have a quick lock time, and rattlers temporarily blind your enemy, and now we have 16 of them! If you'd like to take advantage of that extra range. Adding either 2 Chaos III's, or 1 Dragon IV could be viable options as well.

And lastly we have what you damn dirty missile throwing apes have come for, the torps. The Harb comes stock with 3 Stalker V's. One Stalker V, does about 27,000 damage, has a 7s lock time, and a 31,000m Tracking Distance. Again lock time is king so I'm going with Scimitar Vs One Scimitar V, does about 24,000 damage, has a 3.7s lock time, and a 34,000m Tracking Distance. These do a little less damage but id rather have slightly less than the possibility of nothing at all if I cant get my load off in time. The idea is to throw one of these then head in to finish off the target before the missile even hits.

If you don't have a whopping 539,000 aUEC to buy this entire build all at once I would buy them in the following order. Note if you don't upgrade the coolers you can save yourself over 100,000 aUEC. The most important things here are the weapons and shields, followed by the stealth power plants, upgrading any more is not a necessity.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. While a full stealth build in a Star Runner will not allow you to stay undetected while firing weapons from outside of your detection range, you can use this as a platform to send a missile toward your enemy with the full element of surprise. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Eclipse power plants from the main build, throw on the Industrial Grade 3 Cool Core coolers (You could go nightfalls as well), add 2 Stealth grade 1 Umbra Shield Generators, unless you have sukorans (it could be benefitial to add at least 1), And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. Now for the weapons its less cut and dry. For stealth id prefer long range ballistic weapons. They penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse. Unfortunately there aren't any size 5 weapons that fit this description. The deadbolts appear to have an overheat bug. So we'll go gimballed once again. We'll add a gimballed revenant ballistic Gatling under the nose and add the ballistic BRVS in the nose. As for the turret the sucker punches will do just fine if you have someone up there otherwise just leave them empty.

Lets take a look at those stealth stats. Your IR in the Star Runner Star Runner after 30 min of flying around is around 7,500 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 3,750 and 5,625m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed while firing without raising your IR significantly. But if you use after burner that goes right out of the window. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. I don't see my self using this stealth build much but it can be fun to try out.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the Star Runner, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. Are let me know if you are enjoying the new distortion meta? My full review of the Crusader Mercury Star Runner will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. I went live on twitch just before releasing this video, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Crusader Mercury Star Runner,Crusader Mercury Star Runner Review,Crusader Mercury Star Runner Loadout, Star Citizen,Crusader Mercury Star Runner Star Citizen,Star Citizen Crusader Mercury Star Runner,star citizen Crusader Mercury Star Runner review,Crusader Mercury Star Runner 3.10,Crusader Mercury Star Runner tour,Crusader Mercury Star Runner Walkthrough,Crusader Mercury Star Runner ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Crusader ,3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Star Citizen 3.11, Crusader Mercury Star Runner

### description
Crusader Mercury Star Runner Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #Crusader Star Runner Star Runner in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/Crusader Star RunnerStar RunnerLoadout
