# Origin 100 Series
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Origin 100 Series starter, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Origin 100 Series. I have decided to cover their loadouts in single video due to their similarities, our primary build has a focus on PVE, I will also be covering a stealth build. My full review of the 100 series will be coming soon so make sure your not one of the 60% of viewers that aren't subscribed. I went live on twitch just before releasing this guide, Come over and give me your thoughts on the 100 series and my loadout. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Briefing
The 100 series are light luxury touring spacecrafts developed by Origin Jumpworks. They are created to be an entry-level luxury ship alternative to Origin's more expensive 300 series of ships. The purpose of this build will be to maximize your damage and survivability in the verse with an emphasis on PVE. As far as PVP... well you should be avoiding that in the 100 series. I recommend this build for the whole series, but this guide will be based on the fighting variant 125a. Remember that the 125a has better components than the other variants so when I say somthing my not need to be upgraded for it, that may not apply to the other variants. The only differences between the variants are the better components and missiles on the 125a

### Components
Now that we understand the objective of this build, Lets take a look at its components. Let's Start with the Power Plant, that generates power for our weapons and components. The standard power plant on the 125a is the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Regulus. When deciding on a power plant you should look for the plant with the least amount of stealth emissions and/or lowest request time that has enough power for you build. So ill be adding a Slipstream. It's grade 1, Stealth Class, has almost 1,800 max power generation/sec and a super quick 1.25s draw request time. We will loose a significant amount of max power draw that we don't need and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to just 1.25 seconds. I'm choosing the Slipstream to reduce power up time from a cold start or an EMP attack and to reduce my detection range.

Let's discuss its coolers, these cool your weapons and components after they've overheated. The standard coolers on the 125a are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, Bracer Coolers. This is one component you DO NOT NEED to upgrade. However if you want the absolute best performance that not really worth the cost, I recommend adding Zero Rushes, they are Grade 2, Competition Class, with a cooling rate of 238kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 3 seconds. By upgrading these you are reducing your power up and EMP recovery time by 9 seconds but slightly lowering your cooling per second, however you don't need the extra.

For a full explanation of how Power Plants and Coolers work, or for an explanation on how kilo per second is NOT a unit of measurement, checkout my guides on power plants and coolers. Shields are QT Drives coming soon.

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The 125a's stock shield generators are the size 1, grade 3, Military Class, AllStop Shield Generators. This is another decent stock component that you don't HAVE to upgrade. However we want to maximize our survivability. So I'll be adding an FR-66 It's grade 1, Military Class, with an HP pool of over 6,100, a 306hp/s regen rate, blocks a minimum of 50% of ballistic fire, has a 3.85s dmg delay, a 5.5s dwn delay, and a 10s draw request time. Using the FR-66 is better than the Allstop in every way except emitting slightly more emissions. If you'd like some extra shield pool and ballistic protection at the cost of a much slower recovery time an honorable mention would be the Guardian.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the 125a is the size 1, grade 3, Civilian Class, Expedition. This drive has excellent range but is quite slow. I prefer to use the fastest drive that can make a trip from one end of the system to the other, with the 100 series extended fuel tank this would be the Burst. The Burst is Grade 2, Civilian Class, has a 170Mm/s quantum speed, a 11.4/Mm fuel requirement, a 5.6sec second Spool Up and a 12.3sec cooldown time.

With an exception of the Burst all these components can be found at New Babbage. You will need to stop by Area 18 or GrimHex for the Burst. Before we get to the weapons. The link to this specific loadout at Erkul.Games can be found via the link in the description. Also If you'd like you can head over to the Channel Discord, where we have a community of over 1,700 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. And its where I store my most up-to-date loadouts Link in the Description.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. Underneath each wing the 100 series is equipped with a size 3 Hardpoint. With a Gimballed Size 2 M4A Laser Cannon. One M4A does 183 alpha damage, times 75rpm, for a total of 229dps, and a 2,000-meter range. These cannons aren't terrible but I think newer player would do better with the more forgiving CF Series. Also the 100 series is certainly nimble enough for fixed so we'll remove the gimbal and add the CF-337 Panther Laser Repeaters. One Panther does 96 alpha damage, times 275rpm, for a total of 440dps, and a 2,100-meter range.

Underneath the nose tucked inside the Hull is a bespoke missile rack with 2 Stirkeforce IIs, One StrikeFoce II, does 3,790 damage, has a 2.4s lock time, and a 4,800m tracking distance. These missiles are actually my honorable mention due to damage payload and avoiding countermeasures. But with the recent changes to missiles in 3.11 I want to go for a quick locktime, so ill add some Rattler IIs. One Rattler II, does 3,500 damage, has a 1.26s lock time, and a 4,500m tracking distance.

Only found on the 125a Underneath in the rear also tucked inside the Hull is a bespoke missile rack with 4 more Stirkeforce IIs, and you probably guessed it ill be adding more Rat IIs.

Both the Rattlers and Panthers can be found at New Babbage as well as these locations. If you don't have just over 100,000 aUEC to purchase this build all at once I would buy them in the following order. The Weapons, shields, and power plants are the most important.

### Stealth
Lets talk briefly about stealth. I can recommend stealth for the 100 series, but not for surprise attacks like other ships but instead to avoid other players who my want to take advantage of the small fish. In fact if you are using the 135c for its extra cargo space this would be my go to build, as coming across the wrong player could cost you valuable aUEC. So here's how id load it out. I'll keep the Slipstream power plant from the main build, as well as the Competition Grade 1 Zero Rush coolers (Snow blinds are not sufficient enough), add a Stealth grade 1 Mirage Shield Generator, And you can pick whatever QT drive you prefer. For weapons id equip either Mantis GT-220s because ballistics penetrate shields and most importantly don't announce your location to the rest of the verse, or if your concerned with ammo the Lightstrike III Laser Cannons are actually more stealthy.

Lets go over those stealth stats. Your IR in the 100 series after 30 min of flying around is around 5,800 with this stealth build. So depending on your oppositions radar, your detection range is between 2,900 and 4,350m if your not using afterburner. You are free to fly around at any speed but once you start firing your IR goes up by about a thousand, this isnt that big of a deal. Typically when a ship uses afterburner its IR quadruples. But in the 100i I struggled to get my IR over 10,000, Thats pretty good. But you should avoid using afterburner if you want to remain undetected. This includes space break. So only use it if you are in trouble and need to bug out. This would be my default loadout on the 135c but not sure id use it on any of the other variants, or at least if I plan on doing some combat.

### Outro
I hope you enjoyed my loadout guide of the 100 series, I'd love to hear about yours down in the comments. If you are a new player considering becoming a Citizen using my referral code in the description will get you an extra 5,000 starting aUEC in the verse. My full review of the Origin 100 Series will be coming shortly, so make sure you're subscribed and have the bell clicked. I went live on twitch just before releasing this video, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Origin 100 Series,Origin 100 Series Review,Origin 100 Series Loadout, Star Citizen,Origin 100 Series Star Citizen,Star Citizen Origin 100 Series,star citizen Origin 100 Series review,Origin 100 Series 3.10,Origin 100 Series tour,Origin 100 Series Walkthrough,Origin 100 Series ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Origin,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Origin 100 Series

### description
Origin 100 Series Loadout - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensLoadoutGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your #Origin100 series 100 series in #StarCitizen

Erkul Loadout ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/Origin100 series100 seriesLoadout
