# Origin 315p
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your Origin 315p, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your Origin 315p. The 315p is going to be a great entry level exploration ship  once some game mechanics are fully implemented. In my opinion in the games current state it is best used as a drug smuggling ship for new or intermediate players. This loadout is going to get you setup to do just that. Special thanks for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members, it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated. If you wind up enjoying this loadout guide please consider liking, subscribing, and sticking around until the end to learn about ways to support future content for free. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
Before we get into the loadout let me explain this builds premise. The Origin 315p is the exploration variant of the 300 series. Since the exploration gameplay isn't completely fleshed out and the stock tractor cannon is currently useless, we will be going for a stealthy passive loadout. This build can be used for light exploring while avoiding conflict, or using it's stealth to smuggle drugs undetected. If you didn't know, drug smuggling is a pretty viable way for someone to make a decent income when your ship is limited to 8-12scu. These recommendations are just that, my recommendations, and are not the best for every situation. If you agree or disagree let me know in the comments, or share your loadout over in the Subliminal's Channel discord.

[comment]: <> (Stealth will not be factored into this build.)

### Components
Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the 315p is the size 1, grade 3, Stealth Class, SonicLite, with just 1,400 max power draw per second and a 3.75sec draw request time. Because were going for stealth we need to also consider it's EM and IR signature of 1.05. This suffers from a low maximum power draw but it has a low draw request time. This plant may work for you but I want to get the stealth signature down as low as possible. So were going to be adding an even more stealthy shield, the Slipstream. Its grade 1,  Stealth Class, has almost 1,800 max power generation/sec and a super fast 1.25s draw request time. This will add more than 400 max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to 1.25 seconds. And cuts its EM and IR almost in half. This is a better power plant in every way. The Slipstream will set you back just under 19,000 aUEC, and  can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the 315p are the size 1, grade 3, Stealth Class, Heat Safe Coolers with a cooling rate of 130kilos/sec, a draw request time of 7.5 seconds, and a 1.05 EM IR Signature. These coolers barely provide enough cooling capacity and have a higher signature than the coolers I recommend. I recommend adding Snow Blinds, they are size 1, grade 1, Stealth Class, with a cooling rate of 170kilos/sec, a draw request time of 7.5 seconds as well, and a .75 EM IR Signature. I know these Stealth numbers seem low but this makes a big difference. These now provide enough cooling and lowers our signature. A Snow Blind will set you back almost 13,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: <> (With doing some cooler testing for an upcoming components guide I've determined that if the coolers have enough capacity it doesn’t make a difference if you equip better ones or not. Stay tuned for that guide at a later date. I recommend keeping the Polars. If you want to do it anyway I recommend using 2 Zero Rushes. On paper the zero rushes have more than enough cooling and are the quickest at providing cooling.)

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The 315p's stock shield generators are the Size 1, grade 3, Stealth Class, Shimmer Shield Generators with an HP pool of over 2,300, 306hp/s regen rate, 50% min physical absorption, a 2s dmg delay, a 12s dwn delay, and a 5s draw request time. This shield is a decent stealth shield, but not good enough. Were going to be adding the superfast Mirage's, they are size 1, grade 1 Stealth Class, with an HP pool of over 3,000, 342hp/s regen rate, 50% min physical absorption, a 2.14s dmg delay, a 14s dwn delay, and a 3's draw request time. This will give you much more shield pool, provide quicker regen and draw request times. Plus it will cut it's EM and IR signatures in half. Another win win over the stock loadout. The Mirage will set you back over 18,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the 315p is the size 1, grade 3, Industrial Class, Goliath, with a 89Mm/s quantum speed, an 5.8/Mm fuel requirement, a 7.75s spool up, and a 22s cooldown time. This drive is great if you want range. However in the current state of the game I just need to make short range jumps, mostly from planet to moon within the stanton system. I recommend using the Spectre.  The Spectre is Grade 1, Stealth Class, has a 201Mm per second quantum speed, a 18.6/Mm fuel requirement, a 6.25sec second Spool Up and a 10.5sec cooldown time. This drive is significantly faster, but has significantly less range. So much so that it cant make the jump from P.O to Mircotech. But this is a tradeoff I'm willing to make, most of my jumps will be short. The Spectre will run you about 36,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. The 315p is equipped with a size 3 Utility Mount on the nose, and 2 fixed size 3s under the wings. Also under each wing we have a size 2 MSD 212 Missile Rack with 1 size 2 missile.

On the nose the 315p comes with a Size 3, Greycat Industrial, Sure Grip Tractor Beam. At this current time this cannot be swapped out for a weapon or another utility item, and is useless until more gameplay features are implemented.

Under each wing we have a fixed size 3 SW16BR3 Shredder Ballistic Cannon. One Shredder does 112 alpha damage, times 240rpm, for a total of 448dps, and a 2,700-meter range, they have 480 rounds that would deplete in just 2 minutes of continuous fire. That ammo count is atrocious, even if were going to be exercising some passivity. I'll be adding Gimballed Scorpion GT-215s. One Scorpion does 21 alpha damage, times 900rpm, for a total of 318dps, and a 2,100-meter range. The scorpion has 8000 rounds that would deplete in 533s of continuous fire. The Scorpion and Gimbal set will run you over 11,000aUEC each, and can be found at these locations. An honorable mention would be gimballed attrition 2s if you prefer energy.

For missiles we have 2 MSD-212 Missile Racks with 1 Tempest II each. Tempest II’s are size 2 Cross Section, do 3,500 damage, have a 2.5s lock time, and a 5,400m lock range. I prefer cross section and were trying to go for a passive build here so ill keep these. An honorable mention would be Rattler II’s.

### Debriefing
If you don't have about 160,000 aUEC to spend on all this at once I would buy them in the following order. The most important thing here is stealth I believe this will reduce conflict between players and being scanned by NPCs. And with this ship loosing 33% damage potential of the base model 300i it makes since to use this ship in a passive drug smuggling manor because its combat abilities are extremely limited. Also this build uses gimbals however with fixed being reworked in 3.10 it is very likely I will be changing this build to have 2 fixed GT-220s instead. The great thing about this build is if you have at least 30k of capital you can still run the drugs with the stock loadout. Speaking of running drugs you can find videos on how to find these secret locations on YouTube. I have done a series on this in the past but since they released PlanetTech V4 it made my videos Obsolete, So I cant stress this enough please don't try to use my older video to find these locations. I will redo this series once they are finished with the height map rework.
Make sure you check out the link to this loadout at Erkul.Games, I have a link in the description. Building this loadout would not have been possible without this tool. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. My recommendations are constantly changing because the game is constantly changing, especially with the new 3.10 patch fixing fixed weapons, head over to the Subliminals Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. I am building a community there for citizens who want to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Click the link in the Description.

### Outro
Those are my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the Origin 315p will be coming shortly so make sure you are subscribed and have the bell clicked. If you enjoy my channel there are 6 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate #4 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. #5 you can become a channel member by clicking the join button below. And #6 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of stanton collection available to all patrons. If not your viewership is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,Origin 315p,Origin 315p Review,Origin 315p Loadout, Star Citizen,Origin 315p Star Citizen,Star Citizen Origin 315p,star citizen Origin 315p review,Origin 315p 3.9,Origin 315p tour,Origin 315p Walkthrough,Origin 315p renegade,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Drake,3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Origin 315p
