# MISC Freelancer
## Loadout Guide

### Preface
I'm going to give you my recommendations on how to loadout your MISC Freelancer, and we're starting right now.

### Introduction
Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Loadout Guide" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide we will discuss my recommendations for both weapons and components for your MISC Freelancer BASE. The best use of the Freelancer in the games current state is a Cargo Hauling Gunship. And  since everyone currently has one for free, today were going to load it out to Excel at just that. Make sure your subscribed and have the bell clicked so you don't miss my upcoming review of the Freelancer Base. Special thanks for all of the support from Patrons and Channel Members, it takes a while to make one of these and your support is appreciated. If your watching this video shortly after its release. Head over to twitch to hang out live and give me your thoughts on the freelancer and my loadout. I'll also be doing some editing and chilling. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

### Overview
Before we get into the loadout let me explain this builds premise. The MISC Freelancer is a Medium Cargo Transport vehicle. That happens to have 4 gimbaled size 3 hardpoints. So were going to be taking advantage of that today to maximize its combat abilities. We are also going to equip it with a QT drive that can get you across the system as fast as possible, but allow you to travel from PO to MT and back without refueling. Stealth is futile for a ship of this size and will be ignored. These recommendations are just that, my recommendations, and are not the best for every situation. If you agree or disagree let me know in the comments, or share your loadout over in the Subliminal's Channel discord.

### Components
Let's Start with the Power Plant, the component that gives all of the other components power. The standard power plant on the Freelancer is the size 2, grade 3, Civilian Class, DayBreak, with almost 6,000 max power draw per second and a 12.5sec draw request time. This suffers from a low maximum power draw, and an ok draw request time, as well as not being able to provide enough power for this complete build. So were going to be adding the trusty JS-400. Its grade 1,  Military Class, has well over 10,000 max power generation/sec and a fast 10s draw request time. This will add more than 4,500 max power draw and reduce the time it takes to reach that max power draw down to 10 seconds. This is a better power plant in every way. The JS-400 will set you back just over 53,000 aUEC, and  can be found at these locations.

Let's discuss its coolers, these are used to cool our components. The standard coolers on the Freelancer are the size 2, grade 3, Civilian Class, Frost Star EX Coolers with a max cooling rate of 4,200kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 15 seconds. These coolers have more than enough cooling capacity but have a pretty long request time. However after doing some testing There doesn't seem to be any reason to upgrade coolers if they have a high enough cooling rate. So I recommend keeping these. If you want to upgrade them anyway I recommend adding CoolCores, they are Grade 3, Industrial Class, with a cooling rate of 8,000kilos/sec, and a draw request time of 10 seconds. I don't recommend the SnowPacks even though they are better because of their cost to performance. And remember there is no evidence to show that even these cool cores will change performance. One CoolCore will set you back almost 60,000 aUEC, and can be found at these locations.

[comment]: <> (With doing some cooler testing for an upcoming components guide I've determined that if the coolers have enough capacity it doesn’t make a difference if you equip better ones or not. Stay tuned for that guide at a later date. I recommend keeping the Polars. If you want to do it anyway I recommend using 2 Zero Rushes. On paper the zero rushes have more than enough cooling and are the quickest at providing cooling.)

Now for its shield generator that protects our ship and these components. The Freelancer's stock shield generators are the Size 2, grade 3, Civilian Class, 5MA Chimalli Shield Generators with an HP pool of almost 22,000, a 137hp/s regen rate, a 50% min physical absorption, a 0s dmg delay, a 15s dwn delay, and a 7.5s draw request time. Chimalli's have a decent pool but suffer from a low regen rate, and a long down delay.  Were going to be adding the trusty FR-76s, they are grade 1 Military Class, with an HP pool of almost 25,000, 310hp/s regen rate, 50% min physical absorption, a 0s dmg delay as well, a 8.25s dwn delay, and an 8s draw request time. This will give you more shield pool, and provide a much quicker regen rate. Another win-win over the stock loadout. It should be noted that there is a better shield combo in my opinion. If you own either a Banu Defender or Esperia Prowler pairing one FR-76 with a Sukoran from those ships is great. The Sukoran has 100% Ballistic Resistance so it will need to be taken completely down before you can take hull damage. Unfortunately if you don't own either of these ships there is no way to get access to the Sukoran. One FR-76 will set you back almost 25,000 aUEC and can be found at these locations.

And lastly the Quantum Drive that will help you get to the stores that sell these components faster. The standard QT drive on the Freelancer is the size 2, grade 3, Civilian Class, Odyssey, with a 124Mm/s quantum speed, an 10.9/Mm fuel requirement, a 5s spool up, and a 18s cooldown time. This drive is pretty slow but has a pretty long range. In the games current state, I only need to be able to make a trip from PO to MicroTech and back without needing to refuel. I recommend using the Crossfield. The Crossfield is Grade 3, Military Class, has a 235Mm per second quantum speed, a 20.7/Mm fuel requirement, a 2.25sec second Spool Up and a 21.6sec cooldown time. This will cut the Trip from PO to MT in half. The Crossfield will run you about 60,000aUEC can be found at these locations.

### Weapons
Now let's talk about its stock weapons and my recommendations. The Freelancer is equipped with 2 pre gimballed size 3 weapon hardpoints on each side. Each hardpoint has a Size 3 Tarantula GT-870 Mark 3 Ballistic Cannon. One Tarantula does 294 alpha damage, times 80rpm, for a total of 392dps, and a whopping 3,100-meter range, it has 720 rounds that would deplete in 540s of continuous fire. I actually like these guns. If you use them make sure you take advantage of their range, These are great for taking out slower, larger targets, or smaller targets before they get in close. If you prefer Energy Weapons id recommend using the CF-337 Laser Repeaters. This will alleviate the need to rearm and would be better against small, up-close, fast moving enemies.

Up top on the turret we have 2 size 2 hardpoints with 2 M4A Laser Cannons. One M4A does 183 alpha damage, times 75rpm, for a total of 229dps, and a 2,300-meter range. Id prefer to have faster firing weapons on this turret since most of its engagements will be up close. And since the pilot weapons have so much range lets add the short range, high DPS, NDB-28 Neutron Repeaters. One NDB 28 does 126 alpha damage, times 170rpm, for a total of 356dps, and a short 1,300-meter range. If you'd like more range id recommend the CF-227s. The Neutron Repeaters will cost you over 7,500aUEC each and can be found at these locations.

Underneath each wing we have a MSD-423 Missile Rack with 2 Arrester IIIs. One Arrester Is size 3, Cross Section, does 4,200 damage, has a 3.5s lock time, and a 9,000m lock range. These are great for larger targets and for striking from a long range. And I prefer Cross-section due to its lack of counter measures so ill keep them. We also have a MSD-322 Missile rack with 2 Ignite IIs. Ignites are size 2 Infrared, do 3,700 damage, have a 1.5s lock time, and a 5,700m lock range. As I said earlier I prefer Cross-section so ill add a couple of StrikeForce IIs. One StrikeForce is Size 2, does 3,800 damage, has a 2.4s lock time, and a 4,800m lock range. An honorable mention would be Rattler IIs, that are more useful for smaller faster moving targets. The StrikeForce IIs will cost you 1,300aUEC each and can be found at these locations.

### Debriefing
If you don't have about 200,000 aUEC to spend on all this at once I would buy them in the following order. The most important thing here are the power plant due to the stock one not being able to handle the rest of this loadout. Followed by the shields. If you do have access to the Sukoran you can probably get away with keeping the stock power plant. As far as 3.10 is concerned since this ship comes pre gimballed this loadout should be viable even after its release. I recommend regardless of skill level or fixed weapons being fixed you'll want to use auto gimbals on the freelancer because it comes gimballed anyway.
Make sure you check out the link to this loadout at Erkul.Games, I have a link in the description that will take you to this unique loadout. It even tells you the prices and locations of where to find these items in the verse. My recommendations are constantly changing because the game is constantly changing head over to the Channel Discord to see my updated loadouts. We have a community of over 1,000 citizens who like to discuss ships, loadouts, components, weapons, and more. Click the link in the Description.

### Outro
Those are my loadout recommendations, let me hear yours down in the comments. My full review of the MISC Freelancer will be coming shortly so make sure you are subscribed and have the bell clicked. Don't for get Im live on twitch right now, come hang. If you enjoy my channel there are 5 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #5 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Loadout Guide,MISC Freelancer,MISC Freelancer Review,MISC Freelancer Loadout, Star Citizen,MISC Freelancer Star Citizen,Star Citizen MISC Freelancer,star citizen MISC Freelancer review,MISC Freelancer 3.9,MISC Freelancer tour,MISC Freelancer Walkthrough,MISC Freelancer ,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,MISC,3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, Star Citizen 3.9, MISC Freelancer

HIJACKED BY DP_Shenanigans!!! Kuwahahaha
