# Consolidated Outland Nomad
## A Star Citizen's First Look

### Preface
I'm going to give you a First Look of the Crusader Indus... Fuck it lets just get to it!

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to A Star Citizen's "First Look" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this first look, we’ll be taking a tour of the Nomads exterior, interior, and show off available skins even the white one, all while giving you some of my thoughts along the way. Enough with the formalities, Let's take a first look at the Consolidated Outland Nomad.

### Exterior
Walking up to the nomad you can see it has a really wide stance. Under the nose we have a size three gimbal with a laser repeater attached. Up above this you can see the cockpit and from hear it seems like the view from it is decent. Hear we can see our first Micro USB port there are tons of these located around the ship. Hear we have a bespoke missile rack with 4 Strikeforce IIs. Up top attached to the dorsal fin are 2 more size 3 gimbals with matching laser repeaters. Where the nomad really stands out from every other ship is with its mag lev landing gear. This allows it to land without touching the ground. Heading around the rear we have access to the cargo bed it can store 24SCU, a cyclone, a ROC, and uhh well some other things. New episode of Make it Fit coming soon. You can also see the large wingtips that I'm honestly not sure if I like or dislike they may be to big but its not a problem. Back hear on the side of the bed we have its main rear thrusters. On the port side rear we have our cargo door release. Pushing this lowers the bed down so you can drive land vehicles inside. Except for the entry door the portside is identical to the starboard side. The overall design of the nomad is goofy but I like it. It kind of looks like a stingray. The Nomad has 2 purchasable skins available. The 2950 IAE Polar Livery and the Jackal Livery, These can be purchased separately for 7 US dollars or together for around 12.

### Interior
Let's climb inside. To our left and right we have weapons racks. Perfect for if you want intruders to steal your weapons and then have them kill you with them. I really like the layout of the Nomad, these 2 hallways aren't perpendicular or parallel to the ship, an that is unique. This yellow line on the floor is a graphical bug from the ground beneath me. Heading deeper inside to our left we have a locker for armor storage. Continuing on clockwise we have a head for taking space poops. Fun fact while sitting here you have access to the third person cam. Next we have component access for our quantum drive and power plant. I really like to see these physicalized on ships. Here we have this pretty cool port hole to see your cargo bed. You can also extend and contract the cargo bed from here as well. I'm not sure why there isn't a button for this but its not important. I like this as I can just hit this on my way out instead if finding the button on the MFD. Lets head into the hab area. The port side has a bed to log out in. There is also a little cubby here with a screen displaying some important looking spaceship stuff. As well as some other knickknacks that make this pace look lived in. I really like this as well and would like to see it in more ships. Turning around to the Starboard side we have a kitchenette area with a sink, range, some sort of food processor or heater up machine, as well as a small place to set. I don't see a coffee machine this is a problem. What's really cool is this seat that stows away. This is a great use of space. Up top you can see where the final physicalized components are stored. First we have our 2 coolers and next we have three size 1 shield generators. Previously only the Sabre was blessed with this ability. The Doors have a physical button that works but the doors seem to be automatic as well but sometimes it get confused. Inside the flight deck the pilot seat as you can see has taken the same pigskin leather design from the mustang series and added it hear. I'm glad to see this here as I think this seat looks the most comfortable out of any seat in Star Citizen and it was a shame it was wasted on a basic starter like the mustang. Now here's where things start to get even cooler. The HUD is the standard HUD found on most ship but with an orange accent. To our right we have touch screen buttons for different functions I cant wait for when these buttons are physicalized this will ad so much immersion. In the middle we have 4 MFDs and a radar. And it looks like our annunciator panels are front top left and front top right. And the right side has more buttons that are not yet mapped. The Nomad does in fact have an ejection feature. My first impressions of the nomad are that it is kind of a jack of all trades but a master of none. I will be recommending it to new players who are comfortable not having a focus on combat. The Nomad seems great for PVE but its slow maneuverability will be its downfall against a player in a more nimble ship.

### Outro
What do you guys think of this first look at the NOMAD. Do you agree with my opinions. Will you be picking one of these up? Let me know in the comments. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, I go live on Twitch just before almost every video release, and id love to see you there. There are also other free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, because, reviewing ships is expensive. There are also SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, and more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.
