# Crusader Industries Mercury Star Runner
## A Star Citizen's First Look

### Preface
I'm going to give you a First Look of the Crusader Indus... Fuck it lets just get to it!

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to A Star Citizen's "First Look" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this first look, we’ll be taking a tour of the MSRs exterior, interior, underbelly, and ill show you a clip from my live stream of my first impressions of flight.  The Star Runner is currently available to spawn for Evocati and some streamers (But not this one) in the 3.11.1 PTU! So the rest of us will just have to wait a little longer to get our hands on it. Enough with the formalities, Let's take a first look at the Crusader Industries Mercury Star Runner. 

### Exterior
Heading toward the bow of the ship underneath the cockpit we can see a gimballed size 4 turret with 2 size 3 laser repeaters. This is the pilot controlled turret and cannot be upgraded to size 4 fixed. Underneath in the middle we have our first manned turret. With 2 size three laser repeaters. There are also 2 missile bays with 2 size 2 and 1 size three missiles each, for total of 6 missiles. Taking a step back, up top we can see the satellite dish and our final manned turret. Coming around the rear we can what looks like main thrusters. Directly underneath the dual USB C main thrusters is a cargo door. The Port side is not identical to the starboard side. here we have another USB C Port. Lets take another pass from a higher angle. The nose as you can see has a strutless cockpit similar to the Mantis and carrack. Here is one of the main retro thrusters. One thing I don't like is that the turret isn't reassessed or unmanned. It really takes away from the sleekness of the ship. But its not that big of a deal.

### Interior
Alright lets take a look inside. We'll start in the cargo bay. This is where most of the 114 SCU will be stored. On the port side we have engineering. Here we have access to Power plant 1 and 2, and cooler 1 and 2. Turning around mounted on the walls we have our shield generators. And back here is where our quantum drive is stored. All of the components are size 2. Heading back to the cargo hold we have a small elevator. But we don't need that shit. Through this door we have our servers for data storage. Lets head through the portside door. This is scanning. In hear we have what looks like more data storage, some empty space, and a support station. The support station has a radar, an MFD, and a display that show throttle and power priority. By the way each room has its own individual light switch that can be turned off independently from the rest of the ships lights. Heading back out side just past the servers are our manned turrets. There is one for the bottom and one for the top. Each turret has 2 MFDs and a radar. Lets head toward the bridge. But first lets stop off at recreation. Here we have a couch and a full kitchen. There is also a complete chess table that is fully functional, just pick up a piece and set it back down on any given square. I wont do this right now because a bug might eject me from the ship. Heading across the hall we have our last top before the bridge, habitation. Here we have some large bags that I guess hold spaceship stuff. These appear to be storage racks. We have a couple of workstations that are displaying some sort of spaceship stuff. Nest to this we have our fist head. Oh sorry, he should have locked it. Speaking of locking it. Most of the panels that open doors have an open button, a lock button, and its auto open sensors can be turned off. We'll take a look at the second stall. Inside we have a sink, a space shitter, and a shower. Moving on we have three armor storage lockers. We have a bed, some more of those body bags, and another pair of beds, These can all be used to log out in. On our way to the bridge on the starboard side we have 4 weapon racks. And finally We'll move through this cool looking corridor to get to the bridge. The starboard side features another 4 weapon racks. Oposite of this are what looks like server blades. We'll hop into the copilot seat first. In-between each seat we have a console, for the co pilot we have a button to open the cargo bay. The pilot has 4 MFDs but no radar. Let's hop into the pilot seat. The pilot has 5 MFDs and a 3D radar. On the console we have switches to open and close all exterior, lock the ship, and opening the cargo bay as well.

### underbelly
Did you think we were done? No we haven't gotten to the underbelly yet. Inside of Recreation, Habitation, the server room, Scanning, and the cargo hold we have access to the hidden underbelly. One of the harder to find ones is in the cargo bay. To access it open this panel and tap the open button. This will open the hidden door. Lets take a tour of these hidden passageways. Inside here is where we can store our hidden SCU. It appears to have room for 3SCU. Anything stored here cannot be scanned by authorities. Let's head into the tunnel. These tunnels give you access to all of the secret entrances that we saw before, and they are labeled. First his habitation, moving on and sticking to the left we'll come to scanning, Near scanning we have a one way door that takes us into engineering, heading back through again sticking to the left, we'll come to recreation. By the way if you want to open this door from inside you have to grab the white queen and place her on this cup holder... this is fucking dope... Continuing on again opposite to nascar we have a dead-end. And finally Heading back we have the entrance to the server room.

### Outro
What do you guys think of this first look at the MSR. Does the Star Runner live up to your expectations, let me know in the comments. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, I go live on Twitch just before almost every video release, and id love to see you there. There are also other free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, because, reviewing ships is expensive. There are also SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, and more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.
