# IAE 2950 Exhibit Tour
## A Star Citizen's First Look

### Preface
I'm gonna show you everything that can fit into the back of  and we're starting right now!

### Introduction Week 1
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to A Star Citizen's "Guide to the Galaxy" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide I'm gonna show you what types of vehicles and quantities of them we can fit in the Consolidated Outlands Nomad. We'll be trying out everything from small to large land vehicles to even light fighters and snubs. And before you say "you cant fit a snub in the back of the nomad" shut your face and just watch the video alright, lets just get to it.Lol

### Introduction Week 2
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to A Star Citizen's "Guide to the Galaxy" What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here and In this guide, I'll show you the exhibits for Drake, Aopopa, Banu, Espiria, Origin, and RSI. The other half of the manufacturers has been shown in a previous video. This footage was recorded in the 3.11.1 PTU from my livestream. Later today these halls will be available to visit again following the same schedule. I'll be fast forwarding this to keep the length of the video down. Timestamps to the manufacturers are in the description. The music is from Miguel Johnsons 2019 Soundtrack Citizen of the Stars, link in the description Without further adue, here is the 2950 IAE Drake Interplanetary.

### Interior
Alright lets take a look inside. We'll start in the cargo bay. This is where most of the 114 SCU will be stored. On the port side we have engineering. Here we have access to Power plant 1 and 2, and cooler 1 and 2. Turning around mounted on the walls we have our shield generators. And back here is where our quantum drive is stored. All of the components are size 2. Heading back to the cargo hold we have a small elevator. But we don't need that shit. Through this door we have our servers for data storage. Lets head through the portside door. This is scanning. In hear we have what looks like more data storage, some empty space, and a support station. The support station has a radar, an MFD, and a display that show throttle and power priority. By the way each room has its own individual light switch that can be turned off independently from the rest of the ships lights. Heading back out side just past the servers are our manned turrets. There is one for the bottom and one for the top. Each turret has 2 MFDs and a radar. Lets head toward the bridge. But first lets stop off at recreation. Here we have a couch and a full kitchen. There is also a complete chess table that is fully functional, just pick up a piece and set it back down on any given square. I wont do this right now because a bug might eject me from the ship. Heading across the hall we have our last top before the bridge, habitation. Here we have some large bags that I guess hold spaceship stuff. These appear to be storage racks. We have a couple of workstations that are displaying some sort of spaceship stuff. Nest to this we have our fist head. Oh sorry, he should have locked it. We'll take a look at the second stall. Inside we have a sink, a space shitter, and a shower. Moving on we have three armor storage lockers. We have a bed, some more of those body bags, and another pair of beds, These can all be used to log out in. On our way to the bridge on the starboard side we have 4 weapon racks. And finally We'll move through this cool looking corridor to get to the bridge. The starboard side features another 4 weapon racks. Oposite of this are what looks like server blades. We'll hop into the copilot seat first. In-between each seat we have a console, for the co pilot we have a button to open the cargo bay. The pilot has 4 MFDs but no radar. Let's hop into the pilot seat. The pilot has 5 MFDs and a 3D radar. On the console we have switches to open and close all exterior, lock the ship, and opening the cargo bay as well.

### underbelly
Did you think we were done? No we haven't gotten to the underbelly yet. Inside of Recreation, Habitation, the server room, Scanning, and the cargo hold we have access to the hidden underbelly. One of the harder to find ones is in the cargo bay. To access it open this panel and tap the open button. This will open the hidden door. Lets take a tour of these hidden passageways. Inside here is where we can store our hidden SCU. It appears to have room for 3SCU. Anything stored here cannot be scanned by authorities. Let's head into the tunnel. These tunnels give you access to all of the secret entrances that we saw before, and they are labeled. First his habitation, moving on and sticking to the left we'll come to scanning, Near scanning we have a one way door that takes us into engineering, heading back through again sticking to the left, we'll come to recreation. By the way if you want to open this door from inside you have to grab the white queen and place her on this cup holder... this is fucking dope... Continuing on again opposite to nascar we have a dead-end. And finally Heading back we have the entrance to the server room.

### Outro
What do you guys think of this first look at . Next up we'll take a look at the new P-72 Archimedes, so make sure your subscribed. Don't forget I'm live on twitch right now, like RIGHT NOW, come hangout. If you enjoy my channel there are 5 ways to support it, #1 you can smash that like button. #2 you can share this content with someone who may enjoy it. #3 you can check out my "locations of Stanton" collection over at Displate and in the Merch Store #4 you can subscribe and turn on notifications by clicking the circle here. And #5 if you're feeling generous, consider becoming a Channel Member or even better a Patron. Some Pledge perks can be seen here, Including desktop versions of my locations of Stanton collection available to all patrons and members. If not just sticking around until the end is greatly appreciated. Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.
