# Esperia Talon
## A Star Citizen's Buyer's Guide

### Preface
I'm going to tell you everything you need to know before buying the Esperia Talon or Talon Shrike and we’re starting right now.

### Introduction
Thank you so much for all of the support from Patrons, Channel Members, and Twitch Subscribers that make this possible. Welcome to "A Star Citizen’s Buyer’s Guide" this is SubliminaL here and today we'll be discussing the features, functions, and benefits of the Esperia Talon. We'll cover a brief overview, Show off some Skin, compare stats with similar ships, review pros and cons, and I'll give you my thoughts on the Talon. I'll be skipping the tour on this one if you'd like to see a tour check out my First Look. This will be a buyers guide of both the Talon and the Shrike. If you'd like tips on how to loadout your talons I have made dedicated guides on each of them here. Enough with the formalities, let's get to it.

[comment]: # (*New citizens, can use my referral code on screen or the link in the description to reserve their 5000aUEC in the PU, no pledge necessary.*)

### Overview
The Esperia Talon is a small and light single-seat fighter designed for escort services and targeted strikes. Built in the Tevarin style, the Talon has powerful, directional "Phalanx" shields for maximum maneuverability, but weak physical armor once the shields are dropped. A pair of Size 4 weapons and a size 3 missile rack complement the Talon's "strike first and strike hard" combat style.
The Esperia Talon Shrike is a variant of the basic Talon strike craft with smaller weapons and more missiles. The Talon Shrike trades in its Size 3 weapons for Size 1 guns, but has been modified with an internal missile bay carrying 24x Size 3 missiles. Using it's maneuverability and directional Phalanx shields, the Talon Shrike delivers its missile payload quickly on-target before evading pursuit.
Esperia Incorporation is a Human spacecraft manufacturer that adapts, reproduces, and sells existing xeno spacecraft and weapon designs.
As of today, both the Talon & Talon Shrike are available for sale and upgrade on the pledge store for $100 Warbond and $115 Standalone, and for a limited time. The Talon has 2 alternative paint skins available, The Crimson Paint Skin, and the Cobalt paint Skin, each for $4.50 or you can buy them both for $7.65 in a double pack. Personally I love both of these but wish the crimson was more well crimson...

[comment]: # (### Exterior If you'd like to skip this tour the time stamp is on screen and in the description. The first thing we notice is the very large size 5 hardpoint with a fixed Laser Repeater under the nose. Above that we can see 4 size 2 Proprietary hardpoints found exclusively on the Talon series, This isn't the stock loadout by the way, if you'd like to know more about mine check out this video. Here we can see the intakes and our retro thrusters glowing. This is my favorite aesthetic feature of the Talon series. Above these we can see the size 4 proprietary missile rack. And further up we can see the manned turret with 2 size distortion cannons. Moving on beneath the hull we have another size 4 missile rack with 2 size 3 missiles. Just behind this we can see the tracked landing gear exclusive to the Talon series. Here we can see the Talons wings are tucked away in landing mode. Around the rear we can see the dual main thrusters. Underneath here is where we have the main and only entrance into the Talon. The port side is equipped the same as the starboard side. ### Interior Let's take a look inside. As we close the door we'll turn around to see where the quantum drive is stored. Heading back into the cabin, On the port side we have armor storage. Next to this we have a head that features, a space shitter, a shower, first aid kit, sink and mirror. Next to this we have 2 beds that can be used to log out in. On the Starboard side we have where our torpedos will be stored. There is also a small station here with some server storage underneath. If you know Let me know in the comments what we will be able to do here once this is all fully functional. Next we have amenities like what looks like a space kurig but no nozzeltron. Next to this we have a munitions locker with 4 weapon racks. The turret is located in the middle of the cabin. Inside we can see that the turret doesn't have a great view but its not terrible. The Turret features a 2D radar and 4 MFDs, but no ejection feature. Lets head toward the flight deck. It does have a door to separate the pilot from the rest of the crew. On our way up we can see that there is a hidden compartment labeled Radar. The port side has shield 1, power plant 1, and life support. the starboard side has shield 2 and power plant 2. Getting closer to the cockpit we have our last set of component housings that house our coolers. Alright finally we've made our way to the cockpit, up top we have annunciator panels, below this a 3D radar, and 4 MFDs underneath. The Esperia Talon does not yet have an ejection system.)


### Comparison
Now that we know a little bit more about the Esperia Talons, let's see how they compare to other ships you might be considering. For comparison, I have selected 10 ships, all light fighters, with a heavy emphasis on glass canons and small stealthy fighter. The Google Sheet Document with this data is linked in the description.

* The Esperia Talons weigh in at over 50,000kg | Ties 4th Place with the Gladius
* They fit in with a volume of 2,900m | 6th Place
* No ships compared have cargo space
* Nor can they crew more than 1 person
* They Carry 583qfu | Same as every other ship listed
* They Cruise by with an SCM speed of 208m/s | Ties in 6th place with the Gladius
* They blaze by with a Max Speed of 1236m/s | Ties in 5th Place with the Gladius again, were starting to see a trend here.
* They have a Maximum Pitch Rate of 80d/s | Take 1st Place
* They have a Maximum Yaw Rate of 70d/s | Ties in 3rd Place with the Khartu-Al
* They have a Maximum Roll Rate of 275d/s | Second only to the arrow
* They have a Total Hull HP of over 18,000 | Takes 1st place here but this should be taken with a grain of salt due to the surface area of the wing tips and other surfaces that don't contribute to the ship blowing up.
* They have a physical armor damage reduction of 0% | Ties in 7th Place
* They have an Energy armor damage reduction of 0% | Ties in 7th Place again
* They have an EM IR & CS reduction of 30% | It take 1st place here again
* They both shoot peas with a Default Pilot DPS of 672 and 314 respectively | This is pretty terrible, but they come sporting weak stealth laser canons. The damage potential of the base talon is actually pretty good.
* None of the ships on this list have turrets.
* They have a stock missile payload of over 14,000 & 101,000 respectively  | Takes both 1st and 8th place. The Shrike has the highest pound for payload ratio of any ship in star citizen.
* And the Esperia Talons are the only ships not available for sale in-game

### Pros vs Cons
Alright lets weigh some of the pros and cons, If I say one and it doesn't appear on screen its because I only have 10 slots on this template.
###### I would say its pros are, as far as metrics are concerned...
* The Talons are pretty small, they do have a lot of frilly things that can be shot of but fortunately they wont cause the ship to blow up. Its actual vital portions take up a small portion of the ship.
* Acceleration cant be measured in the games files but thanks to legacy fleets spat tool using crowd sourced data we can see compared to esperias other remake the blade it clearly accels here. Now compared other ships like the gladius and arrow. It is similar overall however id prefer the arrow and gladiuses left and right acceleration over up and down.
* It has a weapon rack. Although adding a weapon to it means that it will be stuck in there forever, I'm confident they will fix this soon.
* Its forward afterburner heat resistance is out of this world. I can go from our max speed of 1,236, pull a 180 accelerate back toward the direction I came, and not only come to a complete stop but then continue on back to max speed without ever letting off the afterburner thrust. That's crazy. Most ships cant even do this to come to a complete stop without the main thrusters overheating.
* It's max speed is pretty good as well, although there are certainly some faster ships on this list. Overall its great.
* What I like to call is its agility or Pitch, Yaw, and especially that roll rate are outstanding. Combining this with its acceleration helping the ship actually get to these numbers quicker is great.
* It's Hull HP is excellent as well. Just keep in mind that this isn't the hull HP of the vital parts of the ship, this number includes everything and the talons have a lot of extra shit that inflates this number.
* It's stealth is great as well. I was able to get my IR down to about 5,800 which isn't all that impressive by itself but when you reduce the 30% that the talons armor defuses means you can be very stealthy in this ship and it doesn't necessarily mean your left completely vulnerable. my recommended build come in at around 6,700 IR. So only about 2,300 to 3,500m of detection depending on the oppositions radar. That's great considering that size 4 weapons can hit from up to 4,000 meters away.
* While the missile payload of the base talon is nothing special. The Talon Shrike being able to have 24 size 2 missiles is almost comical. Its like a clown car but with missiles falling out of the back during a routine traffic stop.
* The Damage potential with having 2 size 4s is great. It actually has the same damage potential as having 3 size 3s.
* This brings me to my next and final pro. Is weapon range potential. Size 4 weapon ranges actually make having 2 size 4s better even though they do about the same dps. Typically the best size 3 weapons have around 2,100 to 2,500 meters of range. Where as commonly used size 4 weapons have between 3,300 and 4,000 meters of range. This is something that is commonly overlooked when discussing the talon. People see 2 weapons and think its a joke but in actuality 2 size 4s are generally better in every way than 3 size 3s.

###### For cons, I'd say...
* It's SCM speed isn't great at all. I suspect this is balancing due to the stealth capabilities. However it should be noted, because when component degradation comes in your will be damaging components if you frequently fly over that speed.
* One thing that alot of you would say is a major flaw is if the Talon looses a wing it's dead in the water. This is a problem and I'm adding it as a con here. However just an FYI you can close the wings on the talon and regain most of its controls, even enough to finish off a pve fight. Certainly enough for sure to get yourself easily to a space station. Landing is a challenge but something that can be easily mastered.
* We already spoke about the base talons massive size 4 weapons but anyone looking at the Shrike needs to know it comes with just 2 size 2 hardpoints. This as almost laughable.
* And finally because I can't seem to think of anything else at the time of writing this script. Its slow Entry/Exit animation is infuriating and a snipers wet dream. Frequently on stream ill alt tab to do a google search on my other monitor and come back in time to see the canopy close. I think they have a plan to add a button to accelerate all entry animations however it being three times as long as most ships will still be a problem even then.

### My Thoughts
So what are my thoughts?, Lets start with the shrike so we can end this on a positive note, please note these are just my opinions. The shrike is well... just utter shit. Having so many missiles is great. But you can only fire 2 at a time. Now firing 2 at a time isn't the problem, This is to be expected. But having 2 BB guns attached makes it take frustratingly long to take out a large PVE target. I've found to be effective with killing larger targets you have to fire a Salvo of missiles shoot your bb guns at as the target gets closer and then fire 2 more missiles again, then follow up with more BB gun shots until it explodes. If this is fun to you go right ahead. But after spending days flying the base talon wrecking shit up with raw damage, having to figure out how to do the same thing in the shrike was jarringly frustrating and not fun to the point I just went back to the talon. I couldn't stand to spend more than 30 min doing VHRT bounty missions in the shrike to do this review. I normally spend a lot more time than that. Counter measures are just to OP for this. The only thing I think CIG could do to fix the shrike is to bump up the hardpoint sizes from 2 to 3. Now this will make the shrike OP however they can just nerf its maneuverability and or durability to balance it out. There is no reason why these ships need to be identical in everyway except that. This is just my idea, its not my job to fix ships I just review them. Ok now that we got that rant out of the way. Lets talk about the base talon. First off calling it the base is a disservice. This ship is fast, durable (Except from asteroids) that are the most OP opponent in the verse right now with Dsync, packs a punch, its stealthy, it's a purdy little birdy. What more can you ask for in a small fighter. I've spent hours on stream doing the new bounty missions and I think I've been killed once due to my own negligence. This is of course not factoring in the aforementioned asteroids that have a very large social bubble. Now for competitive PVP I think you could go better with an arrow or gladius not that the talon is terrible at PVP, I just feel if pilot skill was the same, one of those ships would prevail. With that being said I can say this with 100% confidence. The Talon is my favorite PVE light fighter. I can fly around for hours doing HRT and VHRT missions in this ship for hours without needing to repair. Although I feel more agile and harder to hit in an arrow. I find myself needing to repair much more often. If you are looking for a new light fighter especially if you mainly do PVE combat missions the Talon comes highly recommended by me.

### Outro
Those are my thoughts let me hear yours down in the comments. If you haven't already make sure to check out my loadout guide for the Esperia Talon and Talon Shrike Here. If you enjoy my channel there are so many ways to support it, ranging from free options like prime gaming subscriptions and sending aUEC in the verse, SubClub Subscriptions, Merch, to more generous forms of support. Head over to subliminalschannel.tv to learn how. Your support in all forms makes this channel possible even your viewership, liking, and subscribing is goes a long way. To continue watching here is a video I think you may like, here is a video Youtube thinks you may like & Until next time Citizens, I'll see you in the verse.

### Tags
A Star Citizens Ship Buyers Guide,Esperia Talon,Esperia Talon Review,Esperia Talon Review Star Citizen,Esperia Talon Star Citizen,Star Citizen Esperia Talon,star citizen Esperia Talon review,Esperia Talon 3.10,Esperia Talon tour,Esperia Talon Walkthrough,Esperia Talon renegade,ship tour,star citizen review,ship guide,star citizen,Aegis,3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Star Citizen 3.10, Esperia Talon

### Description
Esperia Talon Review - Welcome to another installment of #AStarCitizensBuyersGuide What's up Citizens, this is SubliminaL here, and today we will be discussing the features, functions, and benefits of the #AegisTalonTalon with a comparison of how those features rank among competing ships. So you can make an informed buying decision in #StarCitizen

Skip Tour ► 0:04:41
Google Docs Comparison ► https://link.subliminalschannel.tv/AegisTalonTalonComparison
